What are the odds hes a white nationalist himself?
According to conservatives there are no white nationalists in America and it's just a fake movement invented by the fake lamestream mediau2026 then they'll proudly display their Confederate flag belt buckle.
You guys are the real nazisnn---a guy with a nazi flag tattooed on his face
It turns out the real Nazis were the friends they made along the way. No, really
Well, yes There Is even a saying about it in Germany if a Nazi sits down at a table with nine people, you have got a table of ten Nazis.
Wow, I read German WAY better than I thoughtnnThose two Duolingo lessons must have really taken hold
In German the saying is just one single 98 letter word.
I Am almost a year into German on Duolingo. I complained to the fiance that the compound words are SO hard, especially the numbers.nnTo which he, a Spanish speaker, proceeded to tell me most languages have long ass compound words for numbers.nnI said, but how many languages do not have noun clusters? Leave it to the Germans to make language a little more efficient by leaving out spacesnnSo, yay, efficiency?
I took a couple years of German language classes. It takes awhile to kind of readjust you are brain to not just look at spaces as word breaks, but certain combinations of letters within words. Its a strange shift. But as a native American English speaker I wonder if I had an easier time with that kind of thing with my native languages rules being basically half a dozen languages shaken together boggle style and slapped down on a table.
u201cYou've made Duolingo sad Do you still care about learning German or are you a lazy piece of shit?u201d
That should be a saying everywhere.
97 of which are consonants.
We sort of have that about cops There are no good cops because even good cops cover up the crimes of bad cops.
Why isn't it if a nazi sits down at a table with 8 people, you've got a table with nein nazis?
Aw fuck, now this is a comment thread with 6 bad joke tellers
I imagine I made you shake your head in disappointment when you read my comment. I'm okay with that
So , if that one Nazi leaves, are there any nazis left at the table?u2026nnNein
I believe its if the 9 people do not shun the nazi. Then you have got 10 nazis
Never heard of that one.
If a protest/gathering/whatever has 100 people, and 1 person has a nazi flag, and the other 99 do not immediately condemn/beat the shit out of them, that is a protest with 100 nazis
Do Not forget Putin is also going after the real nazis.nnI swear this whole nazi branding thing is a little out of control.
You guys are the real racistsnn- My uncle, who shares racist caricatures and links to remove statues of Obama and MLK on Facebook
They really have an amazing tattoo artist bc you only noticed it when they open their mouths or some movements with their hands /s
My favorite that I've been reading a lot lately is u201csystemic racism is a mythu201dnnLOL. Might as well get a swastika tattooed on your head
My favorite that I've been reading a lot lately is u201csystemic racism is a mythu201dnnThose same people are the first to declare that white christianist men are the most persecuted group in the country. Its revealing that they can easily imagine systemic racism when they paint themselves as victims of it.
While also understanding their parents/grandparents lived in a world of segregated schools and white/colored drinking fountains.
As soon as all of the overt indications like separate B-rooms and drinking fountains went away, it all went underground into the fibers of the communities. Sadly.
Schools are still effectively segregated today.
When all you've ever known is privilege equality looks like oppression. nnI hope these idiots start to move the fuck forward someday soon.
I think its a case of waiting for the older generation to die off and be replaced by younger folks who came up in a different world of ideas.nn(Unless of course they are successful enough at creating a new online/mainstream Conservative ecosystem and infect a whole new generation, like they are trying to... then were really hosed.)
That Is what their anti-wokism panic is about, younger people are mostly immune to the old bullshit, but that one is effective at activating latent authoritarian traits in young men.
Don't get me wrong there's a lot of stubborn and selfish boomers out there. But a lot of the biggest extremists MAGA supporters statistically tend to be Gen X males and even some older millennials.
It only counts as abuse when I'M the victim.
Red lining is one of the most racist policies of the 20th century. It has really hurt the Black community.
And yet the vast majority of these same people have a religious belief in Original Sin.
Have you been talking to my dad?
A lot of people are incapable of beginning to consider the idea that others have had different lives than they did. If Bubba never noticed someone being racist to him then clearly racism no longer exists.
Like, I get where some of those types are coming from, but they lean too hard on the its all just class warfare, though, and refuse to see the full picture.nnRacism and classism go hand in hand. Its rotten tribalism at its core, and neither can be ignored.nnRacism and classism are symptoms of systemic TRIBALISM.
Institutional racism and racist attitudes within the working class are intentionally stoked, perpetuated, and maintained, by entrenched power in order to make the working class less able to unite against that entrenched power. nn u201cIf you can convince the lowest white man hes better than the best colored man, he will not notice you are picking his pocket. Hell, give him somebody to look down on, and hell empty his pockets for you.u201d nnLyndon B. Johnson
Its important to give context for that quote. LBJ was explaining why Republicans do it. LBJ was a Democrat and he fought against racism, even though he knew doing so would cost his party voters in the south for generations.nnSince you are familiar with the quote, I Am guessing you know the story behind it, but to anybody reading along who is not familiar with the quote, the story is worth reading.
Here Is the article I believe you are referring to. It is absolutely worth a read.nnWHAT A REAL PRESIDENT WAS LIKE()
Actually, I was not referring to that article, but I sure am glad you passed it along. Thank you.
What Is important to understand are the answers to the questions why does racism persist when it does not actually benefit the racist and never has? and who is actually benefiting from the persistence of racism?nnNever let the racist forget that they are nothing more than a dupe being taken advantage of, used as a tool to maintain the division and oppression required to steal from ALL of us.
Where are you running into apologists using leftist language about class war to deny/ deflect claims of systemic racism? I will happily educate a motherfucker about the reality and existence of racial injustice
Because it is not just exclusively leftist language, the populist right also uses the language of class struggle. Just look at Tucker Carlson.
Its been a popular tactic of fascists for the past century. nnHey, we totally agree that we need to do something about the Jews wealthy. You guys just need to stop with all this gays have rights stuff and we can ally and get stuff done.nnOf course, once they are in power, they do not actually care about any leftist policy, but by then its too late.
I think that its not the idea racism does not exist, but that it is a distraction from the more fundamental classism, that most folks are in the working class together and should be allies.
I do not really know how you gesture at the internet, but yeah, there.nnSome mfers just want to stick their head in the sand and pretend a problem is not a problem or change it to make it more palatable to their sensibility. Reality be damned.
Liberal schools in white areas haha
u201cTribalismu201d is something people refer to when they can't bring their analysis to critiques of capitalism and the means with which power facilitates maintenance of power. To call something u201cTribalu201d is seen as an insultu2026comparing this u201cbackwardsu201d way of life to the enlightened world in which we liveu2026Even though the circumstances they point to are inherently linked to the Eurocentric capitalist worldview.
You read too much and listen to little.
Indeed, I might've soared past your point and apologies if i did so. I only did so in passionate defense of the peoples and tribes that the ideological brethren of the GOP (and to a large extent Democrats) murdered to facilitate the expansion of this system.
My apologies, I misjudged your intent.nnMy use of the word tribalism was the more classical definition regarding peoples natural behavior to seek division of us and them, self and other. I was not trying to speak on the tribes of people who is blood settled the dust of the worlds foundations.nnI see the rotten system just the same as you.nnEdit Also, I try to see deeper into because and effect of our past. To see history through the eye of the individuals of the time. To understand the humanity, good and bad, behind it all. To follow Occams Razor to find reason to complex diatribes, discourse, and directives. When people try to get complex, that is when I know its time to get simple. The old if they are high tech, go low tech strategy, but in a philosophical sense.nnSadly, that means terms in broad strokes most times that admittedly can be... difficult to understand without more explanation.
400 years of African slave trade is an urban legend
u201cahh when did you learn about systematic racism?u201dnnu201clast week on FOXu201dnnu201cmust be niceu201d
And I Am sure those same people, if asked, would say that equality of opportunity does exist in our society and that many of the problems minorities face are self-created. They likely also believe teaching CRT is dangerous for our children and has no place in schools.nnTo me, a pretty good dividing line between a conservative whose political ideologies I can at least respect and one I cannot, is when a conservative denies systemic racism to any extent. Like, if you cannot at least admit/acknowledge that, to any degree, white people throughout history have not provided an equality of opportunity to blacks and other minorities, then you are a lost because.
Systematic racism isn't real in terms of multiculturalism is a myth. Anyone who lives together long enough interbreds and erases any racial differences. So you can't be racist when you are on defense and trying to protect your racial identity
That Is not a a racist statement lol
So claiming systemic racism is A myth, which it is, is equivalent to nazism? Lol
well now that a stretch. ignorance / racist
Or they will try blame Antifa. They are all so full of shit I cannot be bothered listening to or argue with any of them anymore.nnIt's hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it's damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person - Bill Murray
nIt's hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it's damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person - Bill Murraynn&nbspnnSimilar but less articulate expression of the same thing that I stole from someone on redditnnQ You know why you do not play checkers with a pigeon?nn&nbspnnA Because at some point it will just take a shit on the board and strut around like it won.
I had that exact experience today. I should have known better but I walked right into it.
Or why you do not wrestle with a pig.nnnYou just end up covered in muck and the pig enjoys it.nnIts a good one for the trump era.
Typical liberal voter fraudnnedit this was a joke you all, voting twice.
You do realize that's exactly what they're saying about you.
There is no build up of russian troops on the Ukraine border, its just fake western propaganda.
There is no war in Ba Sing Se.
There are no US tanks in Baghdad
We have always been at war with Eurasia.
Nothing of note happened in Tiananmen Square, have a good day.
There were very fine people on BOTH sides.
The Mongols are just passing through
There are no cats in America and the roads are paved with cheese
You didn't see graphite on the ground because it's not there.
The list of Trump quotes horrible enough to send someone into a rage could fill a library, but this is one that is probably on the worse half. One side was literally white supremacists. There is no enlightened centrism possible when dealing with that.
That Is why I have been struggling hard ever since Biden called Moscow Mitch McConnell a good friend and an honorable man. nnI need Biden to take that back. nn
Yeah Biden is almost there in terms of acknowledging his past mistakes. Until then hes just the not Trump that we have to deal with until doing better than him too.
Just Shiny, Happy, People holding hands
soap is not human cum
There was no massacre and to call it a massacre is, in my opinion, a bold faced lie. You know, if you did not know the footage was from June 4th you would actually think it was a normal tourist visit.
If you are going to virtue signal in a chain, at least look up how to spell Tiananmen.
(Siren wails) Virtue signaling police have arrivedu2026watch out, the posse is on the prowl to point us all in the right direction.
(Siren sounds) The virtual signal police have arrived ... Attention, the position is ready to direct us all in the right direction.
I do not think that means what you think it means.
I do not think that is what you think it means.
Says the racist sympathizer blinded by ideology and the Lord of the Lies, hoping against all hope that AZ will one day be the whitest place on Earth. nWhat a poor sf.
wait... acknowledging the Tiananmen Square massacre is now virtue signaling?
Yeah, if you are pretending to care about it when replying to a thread of fictional events and do not care enough to look up how its spelled, its just virtue signaling.
English, but I visited the dang place. Blame it on sweaty fingers.
Chocolate rations have been increased to 30g.
That's crazy talk, everyone knows we've always been at war with Oceania, Eurasia are our Allies and always have been, as of 1015 this morning.
There are no cats in America
And the streets are paved with cheese
Must be Swiss cheese with all those pot holes.
Then the case of Who just puked on my sofa cushion just got a LOT higher stakesnnDun dun DUNNN
The US troops are in Kuwait on a training exercise, there is no plan to attack Iraq.
We have been invited to vacation at Lake Laogai.
We Have always been at war with East Asia
There Is no business like show business
I Am out of the loop on this... google is not really helping.
And just like that I read it in her voice. You win all the things today. Ha
You my good sir got an upvote
To be fair, they are not on the border anymore.
No, they ARE INSIDE, and bombing the crap out of the place.
But its also Bidens fault. Do Not forget that bit.
That sounds like Baghdad Bob moved and changed names to Moscow Mikhail...
Its been compared to the BLM protests over on the con sub lol
That's right, the Russians have already enter Ukraine's borders
Russia has always been at war with Ukraine.
That is because they are definitely not surrounding Kiev.
We Have always been at war with Ukraine
I remember all that like it was yesterday.
Lincoln was all about erecting bronze cast statues of Confederate generals.
Lincoln was dead assassinated one week after the end of the Civil by one more southern traitor.
lmao, never heard it put this way before
No, I know the Lee family and I am a member of the Beecher family. That is false President Lincoln freed the slaves The modern day Lee family is happy to see the statues go down. I bet you do not even know what the Lee family has to do with the Civil War.
I know the Lee familynnAnd? Who cares how the modern Lee family thinks. Absolutely irrelevant to Lee himself.
They could care less about statues going down.
So they do care a little bit?
No, I got a laugh out of my friend (Lee family member) when I asked him what he thought about all the statues going down. u201cTake them all downu201d Was the response. nDo you not know the Beecher family?
I would wager most of us Yankees do not.nnEdit wager, not rather, wtf phone.
The Grand Conductor of the Underground Railroad. Badass abolitionist.
Do you not know the Beecher familynnNo?nnWhat?
Lees an interesting person in that he seems more like a conscripted mercenary than an ideological zealot. nnChina is currently the same age as the US was when the civil war broke out.
a) I do not think you can be conscripted and a mercenary nb) Lee was offered a command position by both sides, he chose to fight for the Confederacy nc) He was absolutely pro-slavery nd) The whole idea that he was a low-key abolitionist reluctantly fighting for states rights or whatever is some whitewashed confederate-apologism revisionist bullshit.
I do not know what that means?
Fun fact. Lincoln implemented the 1st Federal Income tax and also was the 1st President to approve minting money not back by gold or silver. nnBoth VERY not Conservative by the parties standards.
Someone told me the other day there is no such thing as a white supremacists... I was floored, how fucking stupid are these assholes? I just blocked them, there is no point in even wasting my time on such idiocy.
They Have been trained/conditioned/brainwashed by their chosen media to reflexively oppose anything and everything said by anyone not in their in-group, and they will just make shit up on the spot to do it.
You should have given him/her/xer chance, maybe it was a prelude to ... its just a bunch of racist morons
Can confirm, I am a white supremacist. 13/52, 10085
They will also quickly say that the Left are the real racists for talking about it
Yeah, look at me being all racist, trying to explain to kids that slavery existed and was bad. Heaven help us if I mention modern day slavery
u201cI don't see color, I treat everyone like they're whiteu201d
And why do they only have one or two teeth in their head. What good is that? Other than not needing floss.
They Are just all patriots, who really love this country and do not want to see brown people get rights
I was banned from r/conservative because I responded to a thread of them saying there is no racism in America or if there is, its just White Liberals inciting black people.nnI asked why if there is no racism does America have such a problem with White Supremacist groups that the FBI Director went before Congress to warn them that the greatest domestic threat to America was from these White Supremacist groups.
Do Not forget, the only racists out there are people who are racist against white people.
Its true. I heard it on Fox
Or just look at their pictures of yearly Senate and Congress membersu2026..low how DIVERSE compared to Democrats throughout time lmao.
And I suspect that is not a high bar.
And if there is it's just Antifa.
Made up by the very real Antifa organizations that has sleeper agents everywhere.
Bill Mercer, Rebeckah Mercers billionaire far right donor father actually said that. nnThere has never been a white racist in history, only black racists and blacks will destroy America.() He really said that.
Good to know the fuckers with the Nazi flags are just fakes. I was concerned about it before. nnMan that really takes the weight off my chest.
And then they will also proclaim that they would rather have a white nationalist in congress than any other representative at all. Weird how they expose themselves in such a lowkey fucking manner.
Gitta love that Tucker Carlsons lead writer was ousted as a white supremacist and his he did not skip. Its a refusal to take any accountability while desperately clinging to religion like pathetic idiots. That Is their brand, projection and zero self reflection.
Most white nationalists actually see themselves as scientifically justified thanks to centuries of junk science.
That Is not hate, that is heritage And its none of your business that my heritage also happens to be mostly hatennEdit /s because reddit
i am a conservative i have met white nationalist actually i met a group of them, it was strange when i found out they had all commited some serious crime and were willing to talk about it. I always thought white nationalists were a bunch of nerds who read to much history, collected artifacts from wars they had never been in etc, maybe there both but i have only met one kind.
If you are conservative, then you definitely have experience with the non-obvious white nationalists. Very likely voted for some Exclusively, even.
Steve King was from Iowa, too. Remind me of the great southern heritage of Iowa...
They should be happy that apparently its fine to call them nationalists and not the more proper supremacists.
Lone Wolves everywhere Who all want the same things and have lingo and commit the same crimes
Ah yes, racism is a fake idea created by democrats that never existed. Makes sense.
It is a fake movement, and by that I mean it's just a churched up way to say white supremacist.
Don't forget about their u201cLet's go Brandonu201d limited edition lunchboxes
Nothing wrong with white nationalism. Prove me wrong
And then complain that you called them racist.
Never heard that one beforeu2026The black Aja doesn't existu2026
It's like when Tony Soprano says that there is no mafia
There is no war in Ba Sing Se
Just a liberal woke fantasy /s
That's because they don't call them white nationals. Conservatives refer to them as Americans.
And drop the hard R all day long.
White Nationalists do not wear, or wave, Confederate Flags. They hate the symbol. They Are The Skinheads that EVERYBODY hates. (Learn Up)
According to Dems, everyone to the right of Romney is a white supremacist. Oh, except for when he ran for president they said the same thing about him.
Tell me you do not understand the political spectrum without telling me you do not understand the political spectrum.
Tell me you don't know how to come up with original comebacks without saying you don't know how to come up with original comebacks.
I save my A material for the dipshits that deserve it.nnBe better at sucking, I guess.
That wasu2026a little better. Good effort.
liberals have bullied conservatives for decades, do not be surprised when they fight back, but yeah, keep calling them nazis and white nationalists, I Am sure that will show them
Pointed right at his balls?
And at this range, I Am a real Frederick Zoller
Well Stiglitz, it appears there's only one thing left to dou2026
BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAMnnSorry, I just wanted to contribute.
this usually does not happen to me
Understandable with von Hammersmark across the table
Zombie Happy Hogan has entered the chat.
It's okay, I knew exactly which people were shooting from the blams
You have been blammed from r/basterds
Now, about this pickle... we find ourselves in.
It would appear there is only one thing left for us to do.
And what would that be?
Need to watch that movie again. Maybe I can convince my wife to pause Euphoria for a few hoursu2026
I mean, I like Euphoria too, but i can never give up the chance to hear, u201cAU REVOIRR SHOSHANAu201d
That Is the most memorable line of the film to me.
Honorable mention for u201cthat's a Bingou201d
Nah, I do not think so. More like get chewed-out. I been chewed-out before.
u201cTeddy fuckin Williams knocks it out of the parku201d
We got us a German here who wants to die for his country. Oblige him
The Bear Jew is one of my favorite fictional (?) characters of all time. The bat scene is stitched into my memory
Same That scene never gets old. Sometimes when I'm upset I watch that scene to cheer me up.
That's kind of weirdu2026 but I will sayu2014it's funny
u201cZe Behr Juu201d. Love the archetype, fictional or not.
Its sliced into the memory of that one Nazi. And by memory I mean forehead
More like chewed out. I been chewed out before.nnMy favorite line from the movie. I use it at work all the time.
My go to line at work
Embedded in his brain, as it were
u201cI've heard of the Bear Jewu201dnnu201cWhadya hear?u201dnnu201cHe beats German soldiers with a club..u201cnnu201cHe bashes their brains in with a baseball bat what he doesu201d
I don't think stitches would help much after that beatingu2026
Learning that role was supposed to be Adam Sandler made that whole scene make so much more sense
I watched it again recently, and it NEVER gets old. It may be my favorite film.
Django is such a rough watch but it is up there also along with The Hateful 8. Kill Bill will always be my favorite of his though.
All of them have complicated characters and motivations. But IB was simple. Kill Nazis? Kill Nazis.
And kill the living shit out of Hitler.
Like, for real, they did not just want Hitler dead, they wanted him erased, into a million tiny pieces.
And then the pieces were burned to ashes.
Inglourious Basterds wins because the other films are sorely lacking in Mike Myers.
I completely forgot he was in IB.
Agreed. Inglorious Basterds may be the most purely entertaining film Tarantino has made. Either it or Kill Bill would be my vote.
This is the same reason why Wolfenstein succeeds.
The soundtrack to Django is part of what makes it so rewatchable to me.
I recently watched Once Upon a Time in Hollywood also (we had a little QT film festival over the Christmas holidays), and it was far better than I remembered it. nnI love every one of his movies. I had seen all of them many times except Jackie Brown, so sometime last year I watched it for the first time. What a surprise It was really, really great. A lot different from most of his movies, but truly excellent.
What Is his wifes purse doing under the table?
I always laugh at the words said RIGHT before the shooting commences. I got to go on YouTube and watch that scene I need a good hard laugh right now
Very hard target most do not have any.
I feed on your Nazi balls.
If there is one thing I think I know about Nazis, its that the other ten have guns in their lap as well. nnMy rebuttal would be that they were all shackled and on trial. But we know that if that is the case 100s more are slipping through the cracks or being outright recruited (noting that some in the cracks were really only Nazis out of necessity wrt preserving their own lives which, while not being good, is not the same level of evil)
That would just make you MORE like the other 10. (ibid Night of the Long Knives)
Unless you ask for three more beers using your fingers
This out only works if you pull the fucking trigger
Then you're the 11lth Nazi with a gun on your lap under the table?
The old Indiana Jones loophole?
Go out speaking the King's. That's the way to sit down with Nazis
Or I Am not calling him a Nazi but wow, the Nazis love him.
Fox News. Not racist, but number one with racists - A Simpsons Episode
Well that is not very fair... that is one Nazi intruding on nine potentially innocent people who might get up and walk away in disgust.
They would not be sitting at the table anymore...n and walk away in disgust.
Worked for someone like that. He was a racial fetishist (married two black women) but had absolutely nothing good to say about non-whites in general. nnJust because you date or marry people of a certain race does not mean you cannot be a disgusting racist. But they will scream up and down they are not.
I Am not racist I have lots of black friendsnnA classic. It held no water at its inception, and it holds no water now.
That account is a week old and has done nothing but stir shit. Do Not waste your time.
If you look at his response to the attempts to get the confederate monument removed from the AZ capital, he at least appears to be a confederate/white supremacist sympathizer.nnIt was removed btw, but only after the daughters of the confederacy asked for it back.
You don't get to appear to be a sympathizer if you're arguing that. You're in the mix.nnI know that's not what you were suggesting but still
Exactly, we have a term for white supremacist sympathizer and that term is u201cwhite supremacistu201d. It's not something you fucking dabble in.
I voted for Hitler because he would be good for the economy. I never went in for that Jew-killing stuff. You cannot blame that on me.
Look man I do not support exterminating all the non-whites in America I just think there are some valid points on both sides of the discussion and the people in favor of violent genocide deserve to be heard out, ok?nnIm not in favor of it though, ok? I Am just in favor of potentially allowing it. But I do not support it. I just want to make that clear. I do not support it. I just support the people that want to do it.
I Am not saying it, but very smart people down at the Piggly Wiggly are saying it
Yeah, I agree. This does seem the best way to frame it. Its like they say, what do you call someone who supported the Nazis, etc...? A Nazi.
Not just should be, to white supremacists the superiority of the white race is scientific fact, supported by like skull shape measurements made in the 1800s and stuff.
How do you make people equal?
One easy step is by not sealioning for white nationalists when you could do literally any other thing in the world.
I have never heard this term seallioning but I like it
By not advocating that one race is better than others or supporting those who do.nnIs this supposed to be a difficult question?
So, you support conservative anti-CRT laws? Because advocating that one race is inherently better than others is literally the first item banned in most of those laws.
I Am not going to argue against a strawman of anti-crt laws that may or may not have what you are saying they have. We have two different understandings/interpretations of the laws.nnIf you have specific laws you would like to discuss, I Am more than happy to
You not understanding what CRT is does not suddenly invalidate it, sorry bud.
I...did not say it did. I just did not think I needed to write a lengthy explanation of how conservative anti-CRT laws do not actually have anything to do with the relatively obscure branch of legal theory but instead typically name a specific list of tenets not to be taught, usually the first of which across those bills is advocating the inherent superiority of any race. If you need a more detailed explanation of what I mean by that, feel free to ask.nnI guess I was hoping the quotes around anti-CRT would do more heavy lifting than they did. Sorry.
They tend to have a lot of other bullshit in them that I do not support, so no.
Fortunately were not that stupid, its very transparent what they are for.
That Is because the people writing those bills do not know what crt is. It does not even begin to propose that
I find it hard to believe that you have had people tell you that last bit, but i assure you that that literally has nothing to do with crt. Critical race theory is just a branch of critical theory that assesses and attempts to study/explain the effects of racial biases in social and legal spaces.
The anti crt laws are nothing but loud posturing then? That just says laws must continue to exist in the manner that they already do but i am going to scream very loudly about it These bills have been used to justify plenty of terrible and red flag type things like book banning based on race and orientation of authors, historical revisionism, etc.
How will that make up for talent disparities and other common disparities such as one family who can afford to pay for their kid's colleges as opposed to another that can't?
Privilege is not the only pathway to success. But it is the pathway that everyone wants for their children. Which is why everyone who can does everything they can to help their children be better than them. That's my hope for my children. Is that not your hope for yours? That they would find success honorably? As long as you and I want better for our children, I think we can find common ground.
Its not the only way, but its the most common and one of very very few ways with any kind of positive success rate.
I agree. You Are right. I should have just said he is a confederate/white supremacist sympathizer.
Why the fuck do they even have a confederate monument? They were not even a state until 1912, correct?
Correct. And the idea for confederate monuments was born in the era of Jim Crow, in order to intimidate black people. It has zero to do with history or u201chonoring fallen soldiers.u201d
Do Not forget that the Mormons also killed many white settlers and blamed it on the native Americans.
Mormons killed a lot of black people too, but they did not officially consider them people until around 2010.
Because the Mormon Church sent the escaping confederates to Arizona. Brigham Young parlayed with Lincoln, that the Mormons would not directly support the Confederation and the Mormons would stay out of the war. nYoung was not exactly a pillar of integrity they gave aid and comfort to the Confederate soldiers in Southern Utah on the Arizona border. St. George, UT, is to this day, known as Dixie. nArizona, although not yet a state, was very sympathetic to the Confederacy (and apparently still are).
Arizona was not a state, but half of both New Mexico and Arizona Territory at the time was claimed by the Confederacy and local sympathies also tended to favor them. It does legitimately make a little more sense than a CSA monument in Minnesota, but not by much.
Mormons didn't allow black people in the church until the 70su2026 but that is progress I guess.
I went on a tour when the Mormons built a new temple. One of the first questions I asked was about this very topic. How exactly did they decide that what was not permissible before was suddenly a-ok? Who decided? What divine guidance was there, and if there was no divine guidance did not that just mean they were racist asshats all along?nThe Q&A session ended abruptly.
If it ended that abruptly, the tour guide was not very well trained LolnAccording to their beliefs, the church is led by their president, who is a prophet, seer, and relevator. He receives guidance through divine revelation directly from God. That way, the church can evolve as time and society progresses, at least in theory. Now if the membership would just evolve similarly...nnAlso, there were and are plenty of families like mine, who always thought that people of color, and women, should be treated equally. Unfortunately, were DEFINITELY in the minority of church members. nnI am no longer an active member, but Ill probably wait until certain family members pass away before I request to be released.
They were allowed in, but they were not allowed to hold the priesthood, and I do not think they could access the temples. I remember several members being ordained to the priesthood when that changed when I was a child.nMy grandfather, a fourth generation member, cried with joy.
As far as I know MN has no confederate monuments. But we sure have a confederate flag were incredibly proud of. It was captured by the MN 5th at Gettysburg, and its kept locked in the basement of the state capital and off public view. Every few years the former confederate states ask for it back and are resoundingly mocked.
Arizona erected their confederate monument in 1961, the kickoff off of the Civil Rights Movement.
Arizona was going to host a Super Bowl in 1993 and it ended up getting moved because they did not recognize MLK day as a holiday.(sMartinLutherKingDaycontroversy)
Why do they have a confederate monument? Because racist white people were in charge.
Why does anyone have monuments honoring traitors? Its like having a statue of Benedict Arnold.
To be fair, Arizona was confederate territory during the Civil War and part of what are now Arizona and New Mexico broke away from Arizona territory during the war to join the confederacy.nnThere was also an extended military campaign in the region during the war that included several significant battles.nnWhile I do not think anything justifies statues for traitors, there is some historical validity for the statues, at least.
I was literally told by someone who is banned on this sub that Democrat efforts at getting those statues down are just a kind of cover up to hide the fact that they are the exact same party that filled Confederate ranks in the Civil War...pretty much ignoring how Republicans are the ones all for protecting those statues
Its almost like some people cannot understand absurd concepts like the passage of time and the idea that a political party from 170 years ago is distinct from the current one even if they share a name
Do Not you remember that fabled day when every southern racist plantation owner moved out at the exact same time, relocated to NYC and San Fran, and handed their houses over to the polite and kind republicans who live down south now?
I remember that. I think it was the same day that Trump released his taxes
Was this before or after the Bowling Green massacre?
I think its more they unquestioningly believe what they are told by Fox or OAN or whatever.nnThis dude basically said that the Unite the Right event in Charlottesville was a fake to make Republicans look bad and hide that Democrats are really still the party of the KKK.nnWhen I pointed out to him that David Duke, Grand Wizard of the KKK, said he was there for Trump he basically told me that was a lie.nnHe provided no evidence of this, of course. His evidence was feeling that the thing he had been told to say was correct.
no he knew he was lying
That Is the thing. I think he believed it That Is scarier
I had a lady try to convince me that the rothschilds ran the entire world from smoky poorly lit rooms filled with cigar smoke and that the de monteros (or whatever the fuck the name was) were storing bars of gold in mountains all over the world. When i gave her proof and showed her sources that those are unequivocally wrong she said well i am a lot older than you so i know more about it and you do not know what your talking about.nnThis all happened at work.
the idea that a political party from 170 years ago is distinct from the current one even if they share a namennLike, I do not even really care if someone gets that or not. I do care that they are completely ignoring modern day actions. Your ancestors did the opposite of what you are doing is both whataboutism and not an actual attack on what were doingnneven if they were rightnn(which they are not)nnThats three levels of stupid we have to deal with with these kinds of accusations.
It's not even their ancestors, assuming that northerners stayed in the north and southerners stayed in the south. The ancestors would have had the same views as their descendants. That the confederacy was right.
Next you are going to tell me that North Korea is not a democratic republic or something crazy like that.
Its almost like context matters
It completely ignores the historical fact that the parties switched places on racial issues during the Civil Rights era. We are not the same nation we were in 1860, and neither are the parties.
no longer nnNo longer? They never did. If anything, they are more historically relevant now as examples of the Jim Crow South or anit-civil rights movements from their time of installation.
Does not matter which party was which during the Civil War . nnThe ideology is what matters, not the nomenclature. nnAnd no, all of us have not evolved. In fact, many of us do not believe in evolving. And that is another problem.
Okay, so its obvious bullshit but if that were the real justification it would make sense that the Rs would oppose the cover up, right?nnIn their warped reality the Democrats of the 1800s are the same as the Democrats of today. They either do not understand the concept of things changing over the course of time, or willfully pretend it is impossible so as to fit into their cognitively dissonant worldview.
Honestly you do not need to have any kind of deep understanding of politics or history to see which political party is on which side. When I was taught about the Civil War the only mention of political parties at all was that Lincoln was a Radical Republican and that party was progressive (for the time). Nowadays progressive means Left.
Nowadays progressive means Left.nnud83cudf0eud83dudc69u200dud83dude80ud83dudd2bud83dudc69u200dud83dude80nnBack then Democrats were the right-wing party and Republicans the left. Left/right aren't terms for these specific parties, but their relative positions on the political spectrum this way of classifying political parties doesn't even originate from America, but France().
Radical Republicans wanted to go even further to use the federal government to ensure that states were following the constitution instead of trusting the states to do so. That Is BIG GOVERNMENT, the thing that Republicans today deplore.
Actually, the modern Republican party would be unrecognizable to Lincoln. I mean, he fought a way to preserve federal authority over the states That Is not exactly small government. nn- Dotcom, 30 Rock
nu201cNever believe that anti-Semites are completely unaware of the absurdity of their replies. They know that their remarks are frivolous, open to challenge. But they are amusing themselves, for it is their adversary who is obliged to use words responsibly, since he believes in words. The anti-Semites have the right to play. They even like to play with discourse for, by giving ridiculous reasons, they discredit the seriousness of their interlocutors. They delight in acting in bad faith, since they seek not to persuade by sound argument but to intimidate and disconcert. If you press them too closely, they will abruptly fall silent, loftily indicating by some phrase that the time for argument is past.u201dnnu2015 Jean-Paul Sartre
i do not know when progressive was coined but the republicans were absolutely the more left wing party, Lincoln and Karl Marx wrote each other and had a mutual admiration. Marx spoke of the fight to free the slaves as a step to freeing all workers.
I pointed out the Southern Strategy when talking to this redditor who said that Democrats were still the racist party of the KKK. I linked Lee Atwaters hate speech-laden diatribe where he basically said they snuck the racism in with coded phrases to bring over the Democrats who were disillusioned after the Civil Rights Act of 1964.nnI do not have the exact text anymore because I blocked the guy (assuming its a guy, educated guess), but his response was something like Which is worse, Atwater outlining a strategy to woo Southern voters or Democrats using the Civil Rights Act to help Jim Crow and get black votes.nnI think some of them are AWARE of history but are so entrenched in tribal politics that it does not really penetrate
have been brainwashed by Republican propaganda their whole lives.nnits harder to convince a person they have been fooled than it is to fool them in the first placenn- said by many but one form similar to the above is usually attributed to Samuel (M. Twain) Clemens.
To me, those people still have hope, because they just lack knowledgennSartre wrote something about this that I Am going to poorly paraphrase. Basically, their hate is not a product of their ignorance, but rather their ignorance is a product of their hate.
They know what happened with the Republican party courting all of the racist southern Dixiecrats during the 1960s and welcoming them with open-arms into the Republican party. They just do not care, and are more than willing to lie to the aforementioned group and act like the Republican party is still the party of Lincoln.nn80 percent fit this
...act like the Republican party is still the party of Lincoln.r nr nNah, they know its not - if it was, they would not be in it.
Its the conservative trolls who repeat Dinesh DSouzas documentary((2018film)) that he made praising Trump after Trump pardoned him. That revisionist history film that Trump promoted and quoted too as fact that the party never switched and that Trump is the new modern Lincoln of today.
See also Hilarys America() where DSouza infiltrates the DNC headquarters and goes down to a literal secret basement where the Dems keep all their racist past. Also includes a really gratuitous number of re-enactments where old-timey Democrat plantation owners whip their slaves and lust after black women. Unintentionally one of the funniest movies I Have ever seen.
They are not arguing in good faith. Most of them know that their argument holds no water.
would oppose the cover up, right?nnThere is no cover up. There Is a difference between not wanting a statue of Hitler in your town square and removing him from history books and museums.
The Lost Because theorists are the ones actually trying to change history by arguing that the Confederates did not secede because of slavery and by the way slavery was not that bad.
I know, I said its obvious bullshit. But to play devils advocate, I was saying only Republicans oppose taking down the statues is not an argument
Conservatives just lack critical thinking or they are just trolling.
They also love to point out that it was Republicans who freed the slaves, while conveniently forgetting they have the flag of those who opposed them flying in their front yard.
Yup. Trump says hes done more for African Americans than anyone since Lincoln...nn...and his voters carried a Confederate battle flag into the halls of Congress, something that did not even happen during the Civil WarnnThey are so eager to claim Lincolns legacy and at thr same time to court the favor of people who celebrate the Confederacy
Gives off a I cannot understand hypothetical situations or abstract concepts vibe
I Am all for it. When do the republicans cover up their hate for any reason?
Southern Democrats back in those days were actually the party for slavery. But that is besides the point. That is the history they will not tell you in a school textbook. I agree that some Republicans are the ones who want to protect the statues these days. The parties have flipped some since then in my opinion.
You can almost point out the year they flipped. It was 1964 when the Civil Rights Act passed. Republicans then nominated someone against the Act (Goldwater) and further doubled down on the Southern Strategy when they nominated Nixon 4 years later.
There is absolutely no reason for there to be a confederate monument in the state of Arizona. Any reason at all is racism and white supremacy. Bonafides Alabama native, grew up in Mississippi, spent 13 years in Texas. Any other reason is full-bore bullshit.
There is no such thing as a white supremacist sympathizer.
I like this expression. Ill have to remember this. There is no such thing as a white supremacist sympathizer - they are just white supremacists.
exactly. What do you call a table of 10 people that stay after a nazi sits with them? A table of 11 nazis.
But there is only 20K actual racists and white supremacists in the US -- actual argument I Have seen recently...nnOkay great. I Am glad there are supposedly that few. However, why does it seem like half of them then are in fucking government? And not just local piddly shit roles. But important ones. Like the goddamned governor or Arizona?
I believe they got that made up 20K number from an episode of Tucker. nThey are just playing make-believe as always, pretending their whole lives away.
My dad told me White Supremacy does not exist. They held a rally directly after Charlottesville and not that many people even attendednnLike, oh, you do not say? There was a less popular kkk rally in the shadow of the popular but disastrous one? And that is proof there is nothing to be concerned about, instead of the exact opposite?
respectfully, your dad is fucking snowednnsigned,nsomeone who has very polite shallow conversations with his dad, lest we get in arguments and I have to keep myself from laughing/crying
Maga people start yelling approximately 5 seconds into any debunking of their asinine Q theories. Lucky if you even get that. They protect that spray-tanned diaper boy like feral animals.
They do not understand how racism works and think you have to say the n word to be a racist. If tucker says there are only 20k, clearly they cannot be one of them /s
It would be amazing if only 20k out of 330 million people were racists, but that's just not true.
According to this survey about 16% of the country believes the great replacement theory, which is a key belief found across white nationalist movements. nn
Let's call that the white nationalist/supremacist floor. At least 16% or Americans are white nationalist or white supremacist. That's scary as hell.
12% of the 16% were found to have non-white grandchildren.
I'm horrified either way but do you mean 12/16 or like a 12% fraction of the 16%.
I was kidding actually. I Am Black, so its a joke. But its not out of the realm of possibilities - and there is a whole lot of Black kids with white grandparents.nnOr white-ish kids with Black grandparents. Depends on how you look at it.nnOf course this is nothing new....Black folk, who started out as straight up Africans, have been getting replaced. Just look at all the white people who much to their surprise, descend from Black people, and these are only the ones, I Have seen on Finding Your Roots. LOL
Ill admit I believed this at one point when I was an impressionable teenager living in rural Ohio. nnAfter some traumatic experiences, I moved from there to Columbus. The culture shock was rough at first, but I Am usually an evidence kind of guy. So when I saw that my racist beliefs were wrong, I changed. nnWhen I started doing my own thinking, I saw how dumb that idea is.
I appreciate you being humble and willing to share that info.
Something something, wisdom comes from admitting when you are wrong, something something? nnNah, I appreciate it though. Its kind of strange to look back on how I used to act and think, repeating the whole white men are the most discriminated against type of talking points.
Yea. I had my shitty edgelord phase myself. Then I saw how my behavior actually negatively affected people and I grew up a lot.
For me, it was not even edgelord behavior. I was just an awful person. But I was a product of my environment at the time, never having any real opposing ideals. Once I moved into a place that was more of a melting pot, I quickly changed, realizing I was wrong.
How could and would you even possibly quantify a number that smallnnHey are you a fucking racist and one person replied yes from 30k polled
Time for a new governor.
Apparently they have never been to the American South.
If that, um, figure is correct, then I contend they all live in my Tennessee county.
That's hilarious when you look at the statistics on hate crimes. Almost 3,000 hate crimes against blacks in 2020. I guess those 20,000 racists are busy.
Just because half the country vote for racists on the grounds of racist arguments, that does not mean we can just label a whole group as racists
Well in the US, it's their point of origin
20k in Florida prisons maybe.
Shit, I Am sure there is 20K in LA County where I live alone.
Or like the prior POTUS.
Even if true, 20,000 racist assholes is a LOT.
Hes a republican, so very high.
AZ has a deep racist history politically. I shocked my MIL when I told her AZ had more overt racism than TN.
That is shocking because its really overt in TN.
Oh, cross burnings in the Verde Valley in the early 90s, a governor that did away with MLK day, more neo nazis and skin heads (and the fact I know the subtle difference is scary) all over the valley (Mill Ave), numerous shootings of black women by bigots, race riots at at least 5 Valley high schools... that is AZ.nn Bigoted rednecks that spit out slurs, that is TN.
Give us some credit. We only got the bust of the KKKs first Grand Wizard out of the Tennessee State Capital Building last year.
Yeah. I went round with a few people that did not see the big deal of it being there. I Am like, so it would be AOK for statues of Hitler to go up 100 years after the end of WW2? No? Then what is your argument, because that bust is not history, it was bring back Jim crow bs in the 70s because bigots got their feelers hurt over civil rights protections... fers .
u201ca governor that did away with MLK dayu201dnnPublic Enemy had a song about thisnn
Yup. My brother and his friends blasted it at their football games.nnThe whole thing was disgraceful. I remember my elementary teacher trying to explain it to us, and I swear she was crying. Not everyone is a racist AH in AZ. The ones that are just felt emboldened to say the quite part out loud. Worse in the farming communities where people are Mormon or Mexican. That Is it. You Are only options. Sucked to be the white atheist kids, but I can make some bomb ass tamales now.
Yeah, that brief spate of living in Memphis in 2001 in my younger years is basically how I learned overt racism still exists in the US. Coming from WA state, as I had, where we told ourselves at the time that it was done in the US of A and was not a thing, it was shocking. nnn(That said it was around in WA at the time, too, just... quieter. I saw it a lot more clearly when I came back)
From someone nonwhite in AZ I back this statement. a lot of our businesses here do not even recognize MLK day that is a federal holiday. How long will it take for them to recognize juneteenth? 50-100 years? Fuck Arizona its just a bunch of old white people come here to die.
It always pisses me off to hear about these racist white enclaves all around the country while developers keep building in the same 3-4 cities. We need to develop in and around these enclaves and force these people to live with minorities in order to break this racism.
I Have never gotten MLK day off at any job...california
I live in AZ, he's a white nationalist.
The more I learn about AZ, the less I want to move there. Seems like conservatives are really trying to hold onto it. Even enough to say stupid shit like the headline.
Did you forget how they passed a law that gave regular cops the power to question the citizenship status of people during traffic stops? You think the cops were questioning white people if they were illegal immigrants from Canada or Europe or Australia or even other minorities? Fuck no. Fuck Arizona.
Its getting pretty blue as of recent. Housing market is still spicy though, if you are trying to move here. We vote on a new governor soon anyways.
Nah its up to us to vote on a good governor of our state, instead of importing Democrats from other states to back our because
It is getting more blue, but the Arizona GOP is filled with some absolute maniacs who are not going away quietly.
Brand new Arizonan here u2014 turning it blue as quick as I can, left WA specifically to spread out the blue vote. It's going to take a lot of time, but now locals have to deal with one more obnoxious u201ccoastal eliteu201d queer in their town halls and ballot boxes. I wish more folks, who have the privilege and ability to do so, would move into red/purple states to spread out.
Phoenix metro is blue. Its all the rednecks outside the city that hes pandering to.
us one? And that is pnnanother Arizonan here. He is definitely a white nationalist.
10K1nnIn other words...its a sure thing.
Clearly 100%. How else would you interpret what he said?
I mean we only have two parties to choose from realistically. His statement was pretty clear
The only two parties that matter are rich and poor, but as long as everyone stays divided and argues about things that shouldn't even be political we're doing exactly what the ppl with actual power want and padding the same wallets that have been full for generations. All of a sudden everyone asks why I'm political and I'm over here like how the hell does me want to stop global warming and stop the spread of a virus political lol it's ridiculous how brainwashed these ppl are, I personally know a dozen ppl that think global warming is fake, masks don't work, and the vaccine is deadlier than the virus
You would sound like a staunch Democrat if it was not for the both sides bullshit at the start.
u201cIf it wasn't for that both sides bullshitu2026u201dnnAsshole progressives say this bullshit. Republicans don't say this nonsense unless they are trying to going along with idiot Progressives. Only losers say that both sides crap. One side plays to win. The other side thinks it is about political ideas. One side does not give a shit about Democracy. The other side wants to play fair. Both sides my ass.
well, hes a republican, so...pretty high.
Umm hes an elected member of the GOP so 100%
50% he is, 50% he is not not.
In other words, hes rather keep his position than get replaced by a democrat.
Douchy has chosen to speak about certain topics while remaining relatively position-less on some more pressing and i am going to scary topics. I'm convinced he's a u201cwhite nationalist u201c which in my mind directly translates to u201cfucking naziu201dnnI'm so ashamed to live here sometimes.
Ah sorry. Guess I meant 10. Thanks.
Well...he is republican. I'd say 100%
Considering the amount of dollars he's redirected from our AZ state schools to reputably racist AZ prisons I'm thinking they're pretty high
I'd say we should go right ahead and add him to The List.
I am 100% in agreement with you and think it's crazy these folks are just going full mask off without expecting any social repercussionsu2026 but at the same time it's absolutely hilarious to see someone with a pfp of a neo-fascist u201chuman nationalistu201d faction point out someone's thinly veiled white supremacy
He's just saying they're OKKK
He's a republican, so the odds are 100%
Hint If you do not think White Supremacists are bad, you are a white supremacist, whether you will admit to it or not.
Call them what they are, white suprematists.
There aren't oddsu2026 there would only be odds if there was a chance he wasn't.
Odds? He explicitly stated he wants to work with them. The GOP suffers from I'm not racist, but we have the KKK vote.
Nothing says I want to end American democracy more than a Governor preferring white nationalists take over the legislative process.
BuT dEmOcRaTs StArTeD kKk. /s i hate how these assholes constently lie and feign stupidity trying to overwrite history without any punishment.
A venn diagram that is a circle, naturally.
Is that P.C. for bigoted, racist, misogynists?
I assume this was just him announcing he's running for Senate. Also, I like your enclave symbol butu2026nnAD VICTORIAM
Id consider him a vanilla nationalist.nnBecause Ice Cream.
If somebody openly supports white nationalists. nnThey are a white nationalist. That Is the way this thing works.
How do we know this Republican is taking tons of putin loot by just reading his ignorant comments.
if ten people are at a dinner table and one of them is an out nazi, there are ten nazis at a dinner table.
He is anti democrat, so the is are pretty high
Well we've had an orange nationalist in the White House who was served an eviction notice and then tried to become a squatter. Maybe the Governor can give him a room in the basement of the Governor's Mansion.
He probably won't admit to it but this is definitely a self-report lmao
I think that was his point.
I believe that's called a give me
I'd say the odds are ahemu2026north of zero
This fall under the category of u201cThings A White Nationalist Would Sayu201d.
He's just saying he'd rather have a Republican. It's all that party is.
Well he is GOP, so hes a white nationalist by association.
Well if course I know him, hes me
nnHolocaust denier Nick Fuentes. Fuentes has previously claimed that segregation was u201cbetteru201d for everyone and declared it is u201ctime to kill the globalists.u201d He also defended the man who killed 23 people in an El Paso Walmart in 2019, saying thatu2014based on the shooter's anti-immigrant, white nationalist manifestou2014the shooting was u201can act of desperation.u201d nnShes talking at his conference, that is where the new Nazis have gatherednnThem togethern
Did Doucey's face always look like that? He looks like a Dick Tracy character.
This is IMAX levels of projection
I'm something of a white nationalist myself
Some where between 99.9 and 100 percent
My first thought when I read the headline was like well duh, of course he wants more people like him. That Is how politics work. I think hes expecting his followers to take this as a statement that Democrats are so evil that even white nationalists are a better alternative, but he really means it at face value he wants more white nationalists in office.
He did not take Trumps call to overturn the election so no
Yeah, he is. We've always known it. He just isn't really dancing around it anymore.
Some of those that work officeu2026 are the same that burn crosses
Another example of why the the P in GOP stands for Projection
Only a white nationalist would be ok with a white nationalist being put into office instead of someone from an opposing party. I wonder if he gets that he also inadvertently admitted that white nationalists are Republicans
You guys realize that all the term, u201cwhite nationalistu201d means is someone of European ancestry who favors national sovereignty over globalism, right? nnDon't come under divisive brainwashing from corporate media.
What is a white Nationalist? Is that any different than a black nnationalist? Would Not it be someone who simply is pro-America? I Am nasking...
It appears they have picked their baseu2026Nazis.
With another World War looming, its only fitting that they make a reappearance.nnWe have learned nothing.nnFollowing orders is not an excuse, and fuck everyone who leans on that bullshit.
Pre-WW2 the US Nazis organized around the slogan America First.nnTodays US Nazis are not trying to hide what they stand for.nnAmerica First was a phrase used by the Ku Klux Klan at its peak in the 1920s, where racist, xenophobic sentiment was widespread. The Immigration Act of 1924 sponsored by Washington YOU.S. representative Albert Johnson proved to legislate xenophobia and white supremacy, excluding immigrants on the basis of ethnicity and national origin in an effort to preserve white racial demographics.nn Johnsons leading role in the immigration restriction bill elicited strong support from the Ku Klux Klan. In the late 1930s and early 1940s, the term became associated with fascism and bigotry against Jews, as mouthpieces for antisemitism including Elizabeth Dilling, Gerald L. K. Smith, and Charles Lindbergh became leaders for America First causes.nn(policy)
The dog whistles are so loud and so normalized they are using them in School Superintendent campaigns()
By this time, they are fog horns.
I just hope that the US political divide won't become Republicans for Russia and Democrats against Russia in the war. Putin wakes up from those dreams with soiled undies.
This is going to happen I guarantee it. The USA will become Balkanized because half the country is too fucking stupid to realize they're being played by foreign powers.
We can't even split cleanly because our main geographical divide is rural/urban. It's a sliding scale I can watch as I drive toward or away from Pittsburgh on US-22 or 30. People, by economic necessity, have to commute across that blurry de facto border every day. We're doomed.nnAlso, I quote from my dad u201cClinton and Obama helped build Russia's nuclear arsenal, while Republicans always stood to counter Russia.u201d Yes, the President who stopped a Russian puppet President from being instated in Belarus is softer on Russia than the one that left the Belarusians out to dry and WAS IMPEACHED FOR WITHHOLDING MILITARY AID FROM UKRAINE unless they found dirt for a political campaign. They're the party that thinks they're their exact opposite.
A major problem is the lack of prosecution (the wealthy continue to support each other even through treason). If you point to proof it can easily be pushed aside with the fact that if it was real something would be done about it. Sure they'd find ways to flip it if prosecutions were actually taking place but that can easily be countered by the fact republicans have yet to prosecute anyone for any of their conspiracies (though I fear this might not be true for much longer).
Well of course your dad would think that way, according to my research the republicans have always been hard on Russiau2026 nnNo wait I read my notes wrong there, ah here we go the republicans have always had a hard on for Russia.
I swear even on Reddit I think I'm being downvoted by Russians. I made a comment about Putin on the snake island massacre and got sent a warning about harassing other redditors. I feel the Russians are trying to control the conversation.
Its not that they are being played they are just racists and full of hate. A means to an end. Why the fuck else would anyone else support such blatant racism and reconcile that?
This has already happened. On Fox News Laura Ingram was saying how Zelensky's speech was u201cpatheticu201d and weak. Trump was praising Putin and saying he had to do it. They are 100% on board with supporting the Russian aggression. They're traitors and they've bought in to their traitorous identity lock stock and barrel.
Is there some kind of term for anti dog whistle? Where the message is obvious to everyone but a select few who pretend to be ignorant of its meaning?
The sad thing is it does not matter because there are always plenty of ignorant people with good intentions who get roped into these things. I just posted a rant in response to another comment, but Parents First or school choice is, to the ignorant, a fairly reasonable position - of course parents want the best for their kid, they should be able to have a say in what school their kids attends, right? But when you even dip below the surface, lying right there below is the fuck them, I got mine - as long as my kid gets my choice of school, who gives a shit if all those other kids are stuck at the school that is not good enough for my kid.nnBut if we have learned anything in the past two years, empathy and community spirit are the weakest muscles in Americans
They don't believe equality is achievable. They don't believe that we can create public schools great enough that they wouldn't have to worry about sending their kids to private school. They believe that for others to gain they have to lose rather than just sharing.
That articles about parent choice, not America first, and it argues that the phrase is being used to undermine public education. I Am not sure how that supports your point.
Parent choice in schooling is generally code for were not allowed to segregate schools anymore, but we still want to
And still people refuse to listen
They Will also swear up and down that what they really mean is we should invest tax money back in the US. But they are also against improving infrastructure, improving education, public healthcare, and caring for veterans.nnSo what part of America do you want to come first if you are completely against any sort of spending that would actually go towards Americans?nnoh you know...
The military and law enforcement so they can keep the population in line and maintain power whether we like it or not.
I Am sure its just a coincidence that people in the mainstream right today are using the same slogan as the Ku Klux Klan from a hundred years ago. Yeah, that is it, just a coincidence.
The one that I still think slipped under the radar was Californias prop 22(), a proposition against gay marriage that predated prop 8. One of the selling points of this prop was that its just 14 words, you know to keep it simple Hmmm 14 words, where have I heard that before...()n nIt was also called the Knight initiative. Supposedly named after the guy who wrote it, and maybe it was. But the strange coincidence was not lost on me.
People saying its just a coincidence do so with a shit eating grin. They think its clever, not non existent.
One has to remember there was a big nazi movement here in the US before ww2 broke out. Conventions, clubs, foreign agents, the works. Then ww2 broke out and it was pretty obvious Hitler sucked dick but there were still people openly defending the nazis but it was the beginning of the end for open support. Until we directly got involved after 1942 did we finally socially clamp down on fascist rhetoric and voices using all manner of tools. These people will always exist so we have to get to the root of why this group of people react and think in this way if we ever want to solve it.nn Unfortunately I partly feel it would only lead to aggressive reactions as people do not like to dig into their trauma, family genes, and personal failings as the reasons they are angry, narcissistic, projectionists, scared, or a career/citizen failure.
And that is the thing. Why? Why cannot they accept their failures or shortcomings? Why do they have these views and why did they succumb to propaganda and others like them did not? Why. And the why is almost always being products of their toxic environments and a childhood shaped by trauma that in turn makes them react in those ways later in lifennIm not saying therapy is the one fix all solution but there is clearly a big gap in helping people rediscover themselves and center them back to reality with financial assistance added in. This is also not exclusively a conservative problem its just very pervasive with conservative people. Growing up in a rural town people did not want ANYTHING to change in their lives because ultimately they are scared. They Are scared of sudden and unknown change, they are scared of not being liked for trying anything, scared of failing, scared of looking stupid, scared of disrupting the one good thing going for them in their lives, just constant fear.
In 5 comments, you and Rhino and rif articulated what I have been trying to say for years. nnThanks to you three.nne I missed one of the three.
Because the right is firmly entrenched in Christian ideology and if you've ever spent a lot of time around hardcore religious people you know their biggest thing is not taking responsibility for ANYTHING. It's all u201cgod's planu201d or u201cthe devil made me do itu201d or some other crap like that. Always excuses. When you grow up with that kind of mentality it poisons every aspect of your thought process whether you're aware of it or not. I know, my name is j4ck0fbl4des and I'm a recovering monotheist.
It's always easier to blame others for your own shortcomings then it is to identify them and actively correct them, especially when there's no guarantee of success even when you do.nnEspecially in this rigged as fuck world we have to barely survive in.nnTlDR u201cif you can convince the lowest white man he's better then the highest black man he won't notice you picking his pocket, hell, give him a target to hate and he'll give it to you himselfu201d nn-LBJ
Hitler personally awarded Henry Ford the highest civilian honor. Charles Lindbergh also received the award. Both were committed anti-semitics.
These nazis threw themselves a garden party nn . . . at Madison Square Garden in NYC.
America was not anti-fascist in WW2. It just happened that our enemies were fascists. If anything, America was also fascist. nnWW2 was about nationalism, not political ideology.
One has to remember there was a big nazi movement here in the US before ww2 broke out.nnThis may sound uncharacteristically optimistic of me, but maybe this invasion of Ukraine will quell the conservatives bizarre love for Putin/Russia in a manner similar to how Hitlers antics fucked the American fetish with Nazism in the 30s.
The white people in the US are primarily of German descendants so that would make sense. They also have ties to their homeland and to political events that happened there. The Germans in Germany learned the lesson of Hitler and his genocide but the German Americans never had to pay the price of their white supremacy. The US has never confronted and dealt with white supremacy and I doubt it ever will. During the civil right movement and the protests in 2020 we as a people came close to addressing it but as usual the racists won in the end and now they are enacting restrictive voting rights legislation and banning the teaching of history. It's not possible to change them unless there is another violent event which they lose like a civil war outside of political and legislative changes. I won't be holding my breath for that to come to pass.
I'm just going to leave this here nn
The party of domestic terrorists.
You know it got me thinking.. all the nazis that escaped or got brought into the YOU.S government like scientists .. eventually those nazis had family and so on.. you wonder if eventually that would come back and haunt the country like all of their offsprings not all but a lot of those radicals that believe in all that
Pair that with our own history with Slavery and segregation and baby you got a fascist stew going.
My grandpop served from the beginning of American involvement in WW2 all the way through being an MP in post-war Korea. nnBy the end of his life he was a fascist, bought full into right wing tall radio
This shit gave me the chills.
18-year-old farm boys being sent off to war did not have a fucking clue about what fascism was. Its nice to say America was anti-fascist in WW2 but really America was fascism-lite itself. We sent a segregated army over. We fought to get back our own imperial colonies (Philippines, etc) nnnWe fought Japan because Japan attacked us. Not because we cared they were ruled by a fascist god-king. nnWe fought Germany because Germany attacked our allies. It was no principled stance against fascism. We did not join either front until we were dragged into it.
Oh, I Have no disillusions there. Its a long, storied history horror show.
I mean, did you read about Reconstruction?
Can you be more specific?
I Am saying, the lesson can be seen not being learned farther back than the 1900s. This shit crops up every single time aggressors are not eliminated from positions of power.
What's very troubling to me is we had nazis here in the US (still do) and they held a massive rally at Madison Square Garden in 1939. Watch if you're so inclined nnYou are right, we have learning nothing.
Good point. Its nice to see a rational argument on here.
It's not that Republicans have learned nothing. It's that they consider the brutality and horror of Nazi Germany and, with open eyes, want it replicated in the United States.
eh, Putin planted many of these seeds, even if you do not believe he directly got trump elected.
While I would love to see evidence that Trump only made office due to foreign meddling (with Putin, specifically), I do not believe that to be the case. I cannot know for sure, but the positive response from such a large population had likely way more to do with it (proportionally speaking). Its still shocking, to see the level of support. nnI remember someone saying it would take decades to undue the damage. nnAs I Am watching todays events unfold, I think that was a rather liberal estimate. We have to survive that long first.nnHumankind has so many virtues. We need to start propping up those with an abundance, not a categorical deficit.
They Have been here the entire time, we are currently living in the 4th Reich according to the them, the werewolves.
In my opinion the stage is set for ww3. I think this may be it my fellow humans.
We never did, just look how we were prior to WW2nn
What Is scary is that claim is literally anti-American. More than half the country is Democrat or voted democrat. While white nationalists are a considerably smaller group, which the majority of Americans have labeled anti-American. nnI mean, if 150,000,0000-200,000,000 Americans came out as Nazis, would not you want to disassociate with America?
Well 85mil came out anti Nazi and 74mil came out as Nazi and I'm still here sou2026.got to fight them somehow. Running away doesn't solve any problems.
Meanwhile they are justifying Russias invasion of Ukraine by saying that it needed to be done because of Ukraines Nazi problem.
So they support Putin who apparently is antifa according to their logic
They believe (or pretend to believe) whatever they have to in any given moment to win the argument.
Whoever is on their team is perceived to be on the side of angels and labels do not matter. It is a cult.
War is peace. nIgnorance is strength. nFreedom is slavery.
Do not believe what your ears and eyes are telling you
The President of Ukraine is of Jewish Descent. Did Putin think the world was too woke to support Ukraine against Russia?
The problem they have with Ukraines Nazi problem is that there are not enough of them.
Everyone knows Jewish heads of state are the biggest Nazis.
Yeah the nazi pretext makes zero sense given that the President of Ukraine is Jewish and lost family in the holocaust.
Which is weird bc Ukraines president is Jewish
If you do not fight fascists and White Supremacists, they take power by force. When you show weakness, you can see what is happening in Ukraine
This exactly, we have time to organize and fight this shit.
And yet nobody wants to call a stupid, racist, powermonger a stupid, racist, powermonger.
And yet nobody no elected Dem wants to call a stupid, racist, powermonger a stupid, racist, powermonger. FIFY.
I do, and I did. Trump is a stupid, racist powermonger.
Ill do it until I am blue in the face.
When you show weakness, you can see what is happening in UkrainennWell, that is really evidence of a problem in Russia, not Ukraine. Ukraine was cleaning up its government and forcing corrupt Putin sympathizers out. Their president is Jewish too.
flips table What country are you from?
well, time to get your head out of the sand.
What are you talking about? Republicans are literally exclaiming they are embracing Nazisu2026and your response is get my head out of the sand? Wtf
Apparently there a lot of nazis in Ukraine so they should be against the invasion.
Right except they have tiny brains and don't understand hypocrisy. This whole situation is probably causing some severe mental trauma for them. Cognitive dissonance at its finest.
Every person that voted for Trump, especially the second time, made that choice as well. Trump is clearly a racist, there is no dispute about that. Anyone that voted for Trump might not be a racist, but they do not see being a racist as disqualifying.
Anyone that voted for Trump might not be a racistnnIve met many Trump voters who claim they are not racist, but I Have never met a Trump voter who actually was not.
Na they are definitely racists
I Am from AZ and I hate this guy.
Great another sequel no one asked for
it makes sense. Almost constituency they have selected is hyper organized around a very narrow scope of beliefs guns, abortions, white power
Oh shit that means Russias going to invade us now /s
It appears you don't know the definition of u201cNationalistu201d. Only one extreme version.
Apparently you don't know the difference between what was said by the Republicanu2026White Nationalist is different than Nationalist. White Nationalist is what he is talking about and those are Nazisu2026sorry that offended you somehowu2026Nazi.
u201cEVERYONE WHO DOESN'T AGREE. WITH MES A NAZIu201d - You. nnGet a life. Wendy is not a racist.
Na you just don't seem to understand the difference between Nationalist and White Nationalistu2026for some reason that offended you and you felt you needed to chime inu2026therefore odds are you're a Nazi since this evoked an emotional response.
I'm well aware of what a white nationalist and Wendy is not one despite the left (and YOU) projecting your hate onto good people. It's sad. Get a life once you are able to recoup all your listings from idiotic investments.
Ya see there in is the problemu2026you cannot recognize when someone is clearly a Naziu2026therefore you must also be a Nazi. Also I'm not a part of the left. What investments are you speaking of..this conversation for one is idiotic and I'll never get my time back.
You just proved my earlier response that everyone who doesn't agree with you is a Nazi. I'm out. Don't bother responding because it doesn't matter. I won't read it.
Moderate republicans will say, the left is so mean. They Are calling me a white nationalist and a Nazi nnThey may not all be Nazis, but republicans know that they will not win another election unless the Nazis and white nationalists show up. Moderates will vote red no matter what, so candidates need to appease the Nazi agenda.
Yeah, fuck this shit. Time to stop fascism.
It's always time to stop fascism.nnOther nations have laws to prevent it from starting.
Remember when Americans said their unfettered free speech would make the country great? Yeah there was a reason literally every other country in the world disagreed.
That's the problem with making anything unassailable. The impact of anything must be free to assess and regulate accordingly. Hate speech does not serve a useful function in society and does not merit protection. It precipitates intolerance, hatred, persecution, and violence. Corporations do not deserve speech protection either, especially not political speech.
They preached about how the marketplace of ideals will filter out bad opinions and then had an aneurysm when said marketplace of ideals began filtering out conservatism and white supremacy.
You will NEVER weaken the first amendment.
The media needs to stop letting them call themselves nationalists of any kind. Just straight up call them racist. u201cNationalistu201d is just a dog whistle that doesn't sound offensive to people.
Idku2026 nationalism is never really something that strikes me as a standup ideology.nnIt's not about not liking your nation, it's about thinking that on any level the place you live is necessarily where the good guys are. nnRed flags for me
For anyone with two brain cells and a baseline level of education yeah, nationalism is always going to be seen as the negative it is. nnFor anyone else i.e these fashy fucks constituents, it's just another fancy word and it has nation in it, I loved me my nation because I'm a patriot so it must be good because u2018Murica fuck yeah1
And that anyone in your nation has to look like you, or always be a second rate citizen that is lucky to be allowed the privilege of having you support them with your country.
But you see they have to remain Unbiased in all cases.
But fox u201cnewsu201d doesn't.nnMy buddy said it the best the other day u201cwe're living in a dark ageu201d. I can't even argue, anti-intellectualism is killing us. Literally in some cases.
We didn't remain unbiased in the 40s and 50s when dealing with Nazis and we shouldn't be doing it now.
By 1947 Nazis had already been fully incorporated into the US government and they were busy hassling people for thinking workers should be paid what they are worth.nnThe entire Nazi race system was designed after 1920s American treatment of black folks. Fascism or its precursors have been in the US longer than the first amendment
Yeah but the stuff we did in the 30s was truly horrifying. America really dodged a bullet.
We kind of did until pearl harbor though...
We didn't get involved directly until then, but it wasn't ok for people to just be openly pro-communist in the states. That's what I was trying to say.
The u201cunbiasedu201d label in our media is the death of journalism. When you can't call an poisonous apple a poisonous apple, but have to call it a strange fruit, it creates a level of abstraction that allows people to eat and die from the poisonous apple. These dangerous, hurtful ideologies need to be labeled clearly and with large easy to identify labels so that the average person, who may not have time to read about the health effects of this poisonous apple, can stay clear from it and not die. As long as we're masquerading ourselves as unbiased messengers, we're doing more harm than good.
I think Nationalist is a more powerful term. A racist can be some slob sitting on his couch hating anyone that doesn't look like him. Nationalist directly implies racism as well as militaristic and fascist overtones, and are therefore more dangerous.
That's because you understand the motives behind the word. For a lot of people, they think u201cwhat's wrong to support our nation?u201d.
You're not wrong. I often forget how many stupid people there are who quit learning after school.
Half of them quit learning in school.
Nationalism wasn't always about racism and hate. I proudly call myself a nationalist, and I think the world could use a lot more nationalism. Loving my country unconditionally doesn't make me racist.
I mean that sounds like an insult to me. They prefer the interests of the YOU.S. as a government entity over the interests of of other Nations and their own citizens/selves. They even will impede the discounts of government programs of which they are the majority participants due to that sweet sweet traditional racism and classism.
The problem with saying that they are racists is that there is a sizable portion of milquetoast white people who would not dare call Nazis and white nationalists racists unless they were literally throwing up Nazi salutes and wearing white sheets. Even then, they might give the the benefit of the doubt and suggest it was laundry day. nnWhen the media calls them racists, they will deny it and these milquetoast white people will believe that they are being unfairly attacked
MSM would never do that unfortunately. I just ignore them entirely. That seems to be working for me
As a resident of the state, he really is more dumb than anything. nnHe had a successful ice cream chain here that everyone loved, line always out the door, even during winter. He fucked it up and had to sell it. Then became state treasure where he was against a prop that gave .01 for every 1.00 to education, healthcare, etc citing that money does not improve education. The state just achieved being ranked last in the YOU.S. in education.
Be careful with attributing this to stupidity. Most of the time, when it comes to politicians, that is a facade. Take Ted Cruz, for example. He says some utterly nonsensical things, backs laws that are very clearly on dubious-at-best legal ground, and does so as a lawyer. Hes not an idiot. nnI do not know much about this governor and/or his apparent love for nazis, but Id wager this is not stupidity as much as malice. nnIn either case, ideas of harm mitigation call for staunch opposition.
Boris Johnson intentionally messes up his hair before public appearances so that people just think hes an idiot.
Boris Johnson is someone who is not as dumb as he wants you to think he is, but at the same time he is not as smart as he thinks he is.
I had not heard that before, but it would not surprise me at all.
Yo wait what? How Did you find that out?
nnJust read the first couple of paragraphs.
I think you make a really important point, and it does indeed apply to Douchy. The motivation is malicious and probably monetary. Attributing his actions to stupidity removes all responsibility from his shoulders.
With the amount of intellectual dishonesty the happens in law school I would not be shocked if Cruz is actually an idiot, and cheated his way through college.
Thank God for Arizona. - Mississippi
Arizona? Who gives a shit how that tea company scored in education?? Pass me a Busch Lite. -also Mississippi
Arizona somehow manages to be both the Florida and the Mississippi of the west.
Thank God for Mississippi. - Alabama?
Pretty much all the south tbh.
What. Even Alabama? nnWell, I guess now that I think about ASUu2026
tHe had a successful ice cream chain here that everyone loved, line always out the door, even during winternnArizona winter is basically summer for most states though lol
Yeah but they will still wear jackets at 70 degrees
Check out who makes one of the snowiest cities in the USnn
Lol you got me. But not the case for Scottsdale where the chain originated, and for like 80% of the states population
True lol, I was just being contrarian.
Eh it can get pretty dang cold in the winter months even in the desert. Especially when its dark.
Stop eating ice cream in the dark )
Looking at Phoenix AZ weather... Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday in the 80s...
It was like 53 today and yesterday
I was just in Arizona in January and February, it was pretty cold at night.
In what world does funding NOT improve education? Sure there is definitely a saturation point where more money will not really help, but the education system is not even 1% of the way there.
As a resident of the state, he really is more dumb than anything.nnIt is possible to be equally dumb and evil, he seems to fit the mold.
There Is rumors his family are involved with the mob
Do they retirees even care? It's not like their raising their kids there.
Being last in education actually helps his chances of re-election so maybe he's a genius?
What was the ice cream chain?
The state just achieved being ranked last in the YOU.S. in education. The state just achieved being ranked last in the YOU.S. in education.nnThat was the goal, what better way to get nazi government than with a dumb, angry, and poor white base.
You just described Paul Gosar and Andy Biggs heavily gerrymandered districts. You might remember them from stop the steal rallies, white supremacist rally guest speakers, voting against celebrating June 19th, and being so far up trumps butt hole. Oh, and Gosars family also has made reoccurring ads using media outlets to tell us what a piece of shit he is. We all appreciate their effort
Even winter? How cold does Arizona even get?
Its really really cold here, like in the 50s F
Money does not improve education hrm. Sooo, then why does a more expensive, prestigious university often churn out better educated/valuable individuals than a community college or just a public school?
And yet.. the party he is part of is not going to condemn this kind of behavior. And that is part of the major problem in America and why we are so divided. Fuck, even McCain retorted a woman for saying Obama was a Muslim immigrant. The days of disliking Republicans as a leftist are fucking gone. I hate them now. And its mostly to do with how right wing people do not just disagree with my stances, its because they accept racism, misogyny, and general assholery. I have older friends who identify as Republican, we get along. But the fact that so many assholes are being voted in because of being an asshole instead of policy.. I Am extremely exhausted of fighting these people.
What I find funny is that they fear the great replacement, but are anti abortion.
You know Putin is coordinating with people like this, look how much energy hes diverted away from them slowly taking over our election process
I, too, vote to stop fascism by commenting on Reddit.
they are in Ukraine, right now.nnThe idea that this crazy fucks in USA, those crazy fucks in Brazil, the fuckers in China and Brazil all just happen to be nationalists with narrow views of what purity is, is all a coincidence.nnfuck that man, the internet and media have been used and abused to put these far right nationalists into these fascist positions.
Never thought of that before ud83eudd14
Luckily for him....looks at the Arizona state legislature
Id love to hear his thoughts on how an American Democrat is worse than a White Nationalist. They say these things off the cuff but never seem to want to provide their own reasoning.
I mean he rambles through his justification in the article. Basically some half-assed u201cthink of the kids, they need a Republican majorityu201d argument while we are also bottom 3 in the country for education.
But, that is exactly where they want their kids to be.
I would argue that they want them all at the bottom of the nation, but that may be too on the nose for conservatives.
And White Nationalist are clearly concerned about the well being of children... as they demand them to be locked in cages, have no issues when cops shoot them in the street for holding toy guns and surround themselves with the most prolific pedophiles outside of the Catholic Church.
The people of Nevada voted for a dead pimp over a democrat.
That Is the closest a Republican has ever thought of kids.
Went to college in Arizona. Took about six months in to realize Arizona is just Alabama with cactus
they thought a child molester like Roy Moore was better than a Democrat. these people have no morals that are worthy of respect
Here in Washington, a police chief of a tiny town ran for Governor. He was being accused of using his powers as chief to cover up a rape case where a girl had been raped for over 10 years (ironically by a man also named Roy Moore). Did conservatives care? Nope. He still got all the conservative votes.nnMeet Loren Culp.()
I do not know, I think their thinking is pretty clear.
As an Arizona resident, I guarantee you would not want to hear this mans thoughts.
You know what, I actually would. They want to be crazy, prove it. Prove that it is not just a dog whistle to the lowest common denominator and show the world exactly how insane you are.
I use emotion for the many and reserve reason for the few - HitlernnDont need to explain when you can just manipulate the emotions of people. Its why someone else said, I love the poorly educated.
This is a bang on response.
If you read the article, he did, and it's pretty obvious. She is the swing vote in the senate. She voted for his legislative agenda a democrat would not.
the than a Democrat part was not necessary
When dog whistles are not loud enough
More of a doghorn at this point.
Saying the loud part loud
Forgive me but I laughed
Hes just saying the quiet part out loud.
its just the loud part now
Well its about time they come out of the she will, those people are formatted to... Rage and anger and UsVsThem. Might as well say the truth.
Isn't he the reasonable guy we're all supposed to be worried could take a senate seat through the allure of said reasonable...ness?nnFuck me that party is lost in the woods.
he basically just said he would rather have a republican in state legislature than a democrat
Yeah, I Am confused. I thought electing white nationalists was already the plan.
Why does r/politics allow completely misleading titles like this?nnAll he said wasnn She (Rogers) is still better than her opponent, Felicia French.
My dude, French's opponent is a white nationalist. Says a lot about your values. Thank you for letting the good and decent people of our republic know where you stand.
My dude, French's opponent is a white nationalist. nnNot every white person you disagree with is a white nationalist
Erm...nnIn December 2020, as a State Senator-elect, Rogers praised Confederate general Robert E. Lee as a great patriot and a great leader. In June 2021, Rogers appeared on the streaming channel TruNews on a show hosted by white nationalist commentator Lauren Witzke. TruNews, along with its founder Rick Wiles, have been known to promote antisemitic conspiracy theories, including that Trumps impeachment was orchestrated by seditious Jews and that Americans are oppressed by Jewish tyrants. In July 2021, Rogers claimed that Americans who love this country are being replaced ... using mass immigration, education, big tech, big corporations and other strategies, echoing the Great Replacement conspiracy theory.
The Great Replacement is like a foundational definition of white nationalism, believing it definitely does make you a white nationalist.
You Are right. White nationalists who spout great replacement theory arguments are white nationalists 100% of the time though.
The reporter framed it as she is a white nationalist and his response was saying he needed a majority to pass legislation. The reporter pushed again and he response was she is better than a democrat.nnDid he verbatim say the headline no, but you put two and two together. He did not want to directly be seen as endorsing a white nationalist but he also did not want to alienate white nationalists.
Dog-whistling is what feckless cowards do. If that's what one believes, say it so the good and decent people of our Republic know who they're supporting
Boy, I'm sure sorry I stumbled onto this sub. But as long as I'm here I'd say the answer might just be a toss up.
Ironically, he also shit in that bed by not fully supporting Trump's election lies, which cost him a good shot at a future Senate seat. The Trump base has disliked him ever since, although they still prefer him over any Democrat.
He did say our social safety net, which might mean something different than the states safety net.nnRepublicans generally want to cut more holes in safety net programs that are there for everyone.
If you think this is the opposite of what vouchers are supposed to be used for, I do not know what to tell you. That Is literally the point of charter, voucher, and private school movements by the GOP. They want to control where the money goes so they can control what their kids are taught and avoid regulations that ensure our citizens are educated, intelligent, and generally useful members of society.
No a Nazi was a early 1900s socialist from Germany that wanted to expand to other parts of the world. A white nationalist wants a white culture and get drunk on Jim Beam all day. nnBe careful. Gina Carano Megan Fox and Whoopi Goldberg all lost their jobs for incorrectly pointing out nazis. You will lose your job too I think
Nazi crickets? I don't get it
Holy shit look at this dudes profile nnWeve got an actual Putin sympathizer mixed with an anti-vaxx conspiracy theorist who ALSO thinks Hollywood is trying to ruin America and destroy European culture by hiring minorities. nnSo yeah, a literal White Supremacist who is calling people racist WHILE defending his KKKult leader Donny in literally every thread hes involved in The dude is obsessed with him.nnIts amazing. I can see the shitty 2WD pickup next to the trailer home with no wheels every time I read his name... Now hes going to take a huge swig from his Big Gulp, salute his traitorous Confederate flag, and tell me I Am a racist for being glad Trump is not around to gargle Putins balls while he gets off to it from under his white pointy hood.nnHahaha this guy is pure back country gold. Its like there is a banjo with a missing string playing behind every one of his replies.
Damn dude. Breathe. You got big mad
Yep it's the 60s again. A hippie is worse then actual fascists
Or the 30's, when American Nazism was more in the public eye and not a smattering of marginalized hate groups.
Well it looks like we are right on schedule with the war and all
So...are we going to get attacked next? Putin said he was attacking Ukraine to De-Nazi them.
You mean the America First movement? That Is now been appropriated by the GOP? Yeah ... its back and as Nazi as ever.
Any 60's we're still so stupid and selfish as a species that ppl will kill other ppl because muh rights, or muh land, or muh what the hell ever I'm so ignorant I can't even fathom altruism. Technology has evolved but unfortunately humanity hasn't
the AD 760s were pretty sweet for this one village who grew some great turnips and just all around had a pretty good time, probably
Hippies are pretty liberal. He said he doesn't want a conservative (democratic).
I recently attended an event where one attendee was wearing a shirt with Compromise is just another word for Surrender on it. I sure would not want to be his neighbor.
I do enjoy knowing that these types of people tend to join HOAs and make each other miserable as a result.
Dude you wouldn't believe the shirts they wear to NASCAR.
Trump made them realize that their base doesn't give a fuck about consistency or hypocrisy. They really only care about owning the libs like it's football.
Well, its about relative superiority. In their view, its better than they have 2X if it means a liberal only has 1X.nnThe liberal wants everyone to have 3X. But the conservative does not care that their life will improve. Only that they will not be superior to anyone.
Get off your cross. It Will be minorities that suffer while white liberals keep quite and go along to get along.
I appreciate the challenge presented here to white liberals. nnIt's far past time to get off their asses.
He didn't say the quiet part loud. He said that he needs people to who align with and vote for his agenda and that they were better than the opponent. nnThe effect is is that he believes it's better to have a white nationalist than democrat.
The quiet part out loud is the fact that hes admitting to rather having a racist/white nationalists sympathizer in office because it supports his agenda.
But he just said She Is better than Alicia French. So he did not say it out loud at all. He implied it.
Here is his actual quote from the articlenn u201cWhat I need as a governor are governing majorities so that I can pass dollars into our social safety net so we can provide programs like this that will help children from all over our stateu2026 and so we can pass budgets that will put 8.6, 8.7 billion additional dollars into K-12 education,u201d Ducey claimed. u201cSo that's what I've wanted to do, is move my agenda forward. I'm proud of what we've been able to accomplish, and Rogers is still better than her opponent, Felicia French.u201dnnThis headline should honestly get this post removed for misinformation.
Is the governor under some delusion that democrats would not support expanding education and social safety nets or are they just blowing smoke?
As long as Ducey can rationalize it with some disingenuous oratory, you can abandon what is obvious, leave context clues out of it, and entirely misinterpret the situation while ignoring Rogers history of openly supporting the white nationalist movement, racism and even holocaust deniers.nnBecause Ducey certainly is not aware of any of that, and hes definitely not making excuses here, well, its either hes unaware of it, or YOU are, I Am guessing its the latter.nnIf you just take a fraction of what hes said here at face value and ignore the rest, while conveniently also ignoring the context of the situation, I guess you could come to the conclusion that hes not saying the means justify the ends. But that would be quite ignorant of you.
Its only an implication if you misinterpret it or entirely ignore the context of the situation. While I can guarantee you, Ducey is NOT ignorant of the context. He understands fully well Rogers history and does not care.
They are absolutely assisted by the media, who are owned by only a few corporations and still obsessed with both sides ism. The media continues to treat current Republicans with kid gloves and default respect and has no clue how to depict aspiring fascists. Its not just Fox, either. CNN etc. happily give airtime and even jobs to former Trump admin officials. For fucks sake, just today I saw Mike Pompeo commentating as if he were simply a respected former secretary of state and did not just attempt to overthrow American democracy a year ago.
11 years and I still do not know how to give awards or nominate for best of, but if I knew, Id do it for this
The title is clickbait bullshit.
Yeah his whole, helping get billions to help childrenu2026.unless their public school system wants to mandate masks. In that case he would withhold any and all state financial aid.
If you are not a speech writer, you should be. Standing ovation from me
I know that on Reddit absolutely everything is Trumps fault, but Trump never said anything like this. This is on the person that said it not Trump.
Nou2026 he just joked about viciously sexually assaulting women by grabbing them by their genitals. Such a gentleman.
Indeed, but that does not have anything to do with this subject.
Well. It kind of does. You are arguing, somehow, that Trump didn't say things that were as bad as thisu2026 which is comical. I was simply pointing out one time out of the 1000's where he did and said things so massively worse it's not even funny.
I Am talking about white nationalism. Trump never just overtly said he wanted white nationalists in the legislature. This is on the guy that said it not Trump. What you are talking about does not even intersect with this issue.
It doesn't u201cintersectu201d ? Lol what are you even talking about? Are you seriously making excuses for Trump by saying u201cwell at least he didn't say this one extremely specific racist thingu201d and that somehow makes all the other overtly racist things not u201cintersectu201d
I do not think you really comprehended the commentary, in fact, I know it.
He probably meant Republican but these days, white nationalist, Republican, what is the difference?
There isn't one, which is scary.
At least before the Republicans would publicly denounce nazis and say they do not want their support.
Having a black President really was the last straw with these people.
Do Not forget the racist as well
Not even Twitters algorithms can decipher between Nazis and Republicans.
u201cI would rather have a White Nationalist in the State Legislatureu201dnnu201cI would rather have a Republican in the State Legislatureu201dnnThey're the same picture
On reddit most things mean you are a white nationalist.
This woman is a member of the Oath Keepers, she is one, and he donated money to her campaign, cynically using the people that vote for such people may even be worse than believing the crap yourself.
Notice how they have memory holed the attempted assassination of craig greenberg, cannot talk about that there is Republicans to bash. They tweet mean things.
White nationalist white supremacist. It's the same thing.
Not to those who identify as one or the other. There Is division there, one side is better than the other in their opinion.
Yea, everyone else knows thatu2026 but that doesn't stop THEM from drawing a distinction.
So keep saying it. nnWHITE NATIONALIST WHITE SUPREMACIST
Just saying something over and over won't get people to CHANGE their mind. That tactic only works to get people to become more entrenched in their current beliefs.
Does a black nationalist also mean black supremacist?nnIts the same thing, right?
I was expecting lazy whataboutism and I was not disappointed. How predictable.
Makes perfect sense since he would have a lot in common with a White Nationalist.
They Are tell you who they are, believe them.
My grandfathers that fought in world war II are spinning in their f graves right now
Its pretty important to realize that white nationalism is not the same as Nazism. They are related, but not identical ideologies. nnNeo-nazis are explicitly anti-democratic. Their goal is to create a fascist white supremacist state, where white people dominate over other races. Violence is engrained in their ethos. White nationalism is a much broader ideology built around the idea that white people are a race, and a white national identity is desirable. White nationalists can be either white supremacist (supporting white domination over other races like nazis) or white separatist (supporting segregation of races into their own ethnostates).nnWhite nationalists outnumber neo-nazis in the west 10 to 1. Many of the people who fought the Nazis in WWII were white nationalists. Segregationism was fairly mainstream at the time, and segregationism is a form of white nationalism.
I Am in the US I know. Its all just gross
Fucking looks like you forgot some letters.
I've said it for years. There are no good Republicans.
but but I had people on here tell me moderates exist You know, the ones who still hold the title of the party full of sexist, phobic, white nationalists?
I know some of those moderates, and while they do exists (as far as they hold centrist views but register as a Republican), their loyalty to a party that is going down the shitter is beyond my understanding. They know that they are on the side of open fascists, and still have hope that they can turn it around. It's pure cognitive dissonance at this point. One of them is Muslim too, and despite me telling them that if their party gets their way, he would be forced to convert, he thinks it's important to u201cbe the bridgeu201d or whatever between the haters and the good ones. I just said u201cgood luck pal, don't get shotu201d and switched topics
Most moderate Republicans changed to democrats decades ago when the religious nutjobs took over the party. Why do you think Clinton and Obama were dem? They Are politically center right.
and yet as we speak there are moderates on this sub defending republicans when the whole party save for, what 2 people pretending to speak out, want trump removed from the party as if it was not a steaming pile before him. Goalposts constantly being moved.
Why do you think Clinton and Obama were dem? They Are politically center right.nnGo outside.
Biden, too. I'd argue at least center.
ACAB now becoming ARAB? I Am on board nnI seriously cannot think of one prominent Republican who is yet to be ostracized by the party (so excluding Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger) who is not an opportunistic, lying, ignorant, heaping pile of shit.
If the GOP wants it to stop they can call out the racists in their party. Right now they say nothing against them.
Yeah what is the point, you cannot call out racist fucks for being racist fucks?
I know I'm not on the Nazi side because when I go to a protest. If someone were to wave a Nazi flag, they would get beaten up. At the other sides rallies, they proudly March with themu2026
Almost half of the people in the country who voted in the last election voted for a want to be fascist who was incompetent, a criminal, and openly racist. Every single one of those fuckers who voted for that piece of shit are irredeemable. Fuck them.
a free pass for all of the allies of white supremist extremists you say?
I agree we have to avoid being just like the bad guys. But Republicans are not half the country. And the worst behavors are not even 30%. But its like a virus, it can spread.
Well that's my point. I'm replying to a deleted comment which was a veiled call to violence and one above saying there are no good republicans. This is the way republicans talk about democrats and it's bullshit and I'm tired of it
Nope My sister was a registered Republican when Trump announced his run for office. And though she did not vote for him, she kept the label until the midterms. But as his rhetoric got worse, she changed to an Independent because she did not agree with the direction the party was headed. Its easy to do that and switch back whenever you choose, so if anyone remains a Republican in name, its because they agree. And when people talk about them like this, they are not wrong.
So you have completely written off half the country? We are doomed then. But I don't believe we are
By retaining the label of Republican despite what they see their party leadership doing, they are writing us off. Its stupid to stand here and take it. And, yes, we have been doomed for a while. Seems you are just now noticing it.
No I used to be on that train of thought but I've come to see the only way forward is by finding a way to see common ground. Look at what's happening in the world today, our enemies want us divided, fuck our enemies. We have to unite. nnAnyone telling you to write off millions of your fellow American be they right or left that you've never met is harming America. Yes that means Tucker Carlson but it also means anyone telling you to write someone off because of a label. nnWho benefits? Our enemies who are as we speak waging war with bombs, with cyber intrusions, with WORDS broadcast and meme'd 24/7 around the globe. nnBy all means call out shitty people and name them, but be specific and don't write off everyone under a label. In the end it's only hurting all of us
When someone tells you who they are, believe them the first time.nn--Dr. Maya Angelou
We are talking about millions of people, your fellow Americans. nnYou have to do the work to reach across the aisle and find common ground.
I do not have common ground with authoritarian ideals.
Strawman. I don't either. Common ground with your fellow Americans
Using the straw man excuse because you cannot argue the contrary is weak. They literally attempted a coup.
No I've been arguing I'm just pointing out how utterly unfounded your comment is. nnu201cTheyu201d you mean individuals involved in the Jan 6 insurrection and those plotting? Yes FUCK THEM but guess what? Some 70 year old grandma in Tennessee who voted trump wasn't there and she can and should be reached. Or a Latino father of 3 who voted for trump, he also want at the insurrection or a part of it.nnWe can't afford to write people off just because they disagreed with us.nnAs I've said before call out and hold accountable those who have crossed the line but it's time to try and rebuild civility with those we simply disagreed with which is the vast majority of republicans
If you voted for trump you voted for a dictator. They can change. I do not have to and I will not. I Am done with these people.
Well that's your choice. I for one want to rebuild America and have a brighter future
Good luck with that when the other side has not been at the table in forever with no sign of that changing any time soon.
Again, they wrote themselves off. Their choice. Stop making excuses for their behavior and blaming everyone under the sun except the actual culprits.
I have not blamed everyone under the sun. I'm asking you and everyone else to realize we have common interests and common enemies
The common enemy of Americans are republicans. Every last one, no excuses.
They wrote themselves off. Stop blaming everyone other than the culprits.
If they support it they are it. Filthy traitor terrorists. Nothing more. All are filthy. Your u201cboth sidesu201d contingent need to get your head out of the sand. Pick a side, American or traitor. Buck up.
No you are exactly what I'm talking about. People commenting that others should disown people they never met. nnI never said to accept treachery but most of the voters who went repub are not traitors. nnWe have to live with these people even if you disagree. nnLook for common ground build from there.
Complete Bullshit. If they vote R they each and every one support treason and terrorists and are exactly the filthy traitor terrorists you excuse. The common ground is not to be traitors and is all on those filthy subhumans to come back to the human race. Every last bit is on those filth.
McCain saved the affordable care act, by that action he saved numerous lives and showed that he loved America first and not cheeto bandito or corporate America
You mean John u201cbomb bomb bomb bomb bomb Iranu201d McCain? nnThat one?
Actions speak louder than words. Talk is cheap too. Was he able to get us to bomb Iran at all? I cannot find any evidence he performed an action to make that happen. He did perform an action to save the ACA.
Yes, technically, he and murkowski voted to prevent it from being repealed, but let's not give him credit for saving lives or for putting America first like OP suggested.nnif he had cared about accessible healthcare for Americans, he wouldn't have voted against the ACA in 2010. nnHe voted against its appeal, partly bc there was nothing to replace it, and partly to spite tf out of Trump.
So we should not give him credit for caring about America after voting against Trump and corporate interests and in the interest of Americans? Nice gymnastics bro.
He gets zero cookies from me. If you want to give elitist politicians praise for doing the bare fucking minimum by all means go for it.
No, we should not give Republicans credit for growing a spine when it comes at a time where they will suffer no meaningful backlash. See Republicans growing a spine when they have no intention of running for office again. See Republicans growing a spine once they are diagnosed with inoperable brain cancer.nnWe should recognize people who work to do good despite potential consequences. McCain did a lot of bad during his political career. It looks like his hail Mary at the end of his life helped to mitigate his shitty legacy for some people. Not me. Let Us stop trying to paint these bad people with a positive light.nnMcCain I did my job today and was not a total shitlord for once in my 30 year career. I Am dying tomorrow. Please clap.nnIdiots commence seal clapping
You only think that was his one good thing he did and everything else was bad? You Are a bit hyperbolic. Look at his efforts for campaign finance reform.
To be fair they could use a few bombs.
Hooray One good thing nnThe man was a piece of shit. Suck his racist dick all you want.nn(He was also a big fat friend to corporate America.)
The man stood up and did the right thing for the American people, sadly lacking from both sides of the aislenAdam Kinzinger Liz Cheney also have stepped up and I am NOT a Republican schill, just amazed that when someone does rightly by the American people they should be recognized
He probably did 2 honorable things in his whole life and about a million shitty things. I'm so tired of people who mean well (like you) stuck on that. He was human scum.
True heroes make tough choices for betterment of society, they do not always get things right
You seem to be confusing doing something heroic with being a hero. nnIf Jeffery Dahmer risked his life and saved someone from a building fire hes not a hero, hes still a piece of shit.
A heroic piece of shit.
True pieces of shit do shitty things their whole life
John McCain was en evil man and I'm glad he's dead. Truly a disgrace to Arizona and the world.
Yeah and you can go suck some racist black dudes dick. No ones telling you otherwise.
If Trump had not have been openly shitting on him for months on end McCain would not have voted the way he did. nnnHe did not make that vote out of honor. He did it because it very publicly screwed Trump and the other fascists that had been attacking him.
Hes literally dead. Your example was from a dead guy not a living Republican.
He said are not were, lol. But seriously, from a statistics standpoint 0% and 100% just do not exist in large population sets, so there is bound to be a non-zero amount of good republicans, but in order for them to exist in the current environment, they would have to be relatively low profile.
Jim Jeffords, VT (R). But hes gone. Some decent Republicans still remain. Adam Kinzinger, Liz Cheney. Do Not agree with their politics, but they are decent and honorable.
Not being a full on fascist is not a very high bar to clear. They Are both, at minimum, very okay with policies that fuck over the poor and minority groups. They devoted their lives to those policies. Fuck them.
Adam Kinzinger, Liz CheneynnBoth of whom voted for trump in 2020, after trump had run the most corrupt, racist, cruel and incompetent administration in modern US history.nnCheney opposes federal voting rights legislation that would stop states from oppressing minority voting.nnDecent people do not vote for fascist presidential candidates. Decent people want all Americans to be able to vote.
Exactly. Kinzinger and Cheney still vote in lockstep with every other Republican. They are just as vile as the rest of them.
And last summer they both voted against women having equal pay to men for equal work. The GOP really is despicable.
I could agree with you if this was a political fight. But it's not. It's a cultural fight. So we should accept allies based on our shared cultural belief in democracy, regardless of our policy differences.
Cheney does not believe in equal voting rights so I find it hard to accept the claim that she believes in democracy.
There's room for disagreement in democracy.
In the democracy of Animal Farm, all animals were equal, except that some animals were more equal than others.
Did Not Jeffords switch to the Democratic party back in 2000ish?nnChecking...nnYup, he changed parties back in 2001.nnAnd if that is your criteria, you could also add Arlen Specter to your list. But they are both dead now...and OP used the present tense. Hmm...Maybe Baker? Hogan?
I mean VT's current government Phil Scott is Republican and he's good.
He picked Sarah Palin as his VP and emboldened the dumbest part of their base.
less shitty than other Republicans / good republican.
Bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb Iran - John McCain
Racist, misogynistic war criminal. nnWay to prove the point
How about a link to any of the shit you are talking?
In the sense that the dead ones are good, sure
I really can't think of oneu2026 damn.nnI can name a lot of shitty democrats too, but at least I can name some earnest, good people in the party.
So has every other redditor
Was there ever other than Lincoln. nnEdit Got educated on Johnson
Andrew Johnson? He was a Democrat that was sympathetic to the south and was chosen as VP for that reason. However, after Lincoln's assassination he became president and fucked up reconstruction so much that we are fighting those problems today. There is a reason he was impeached and is listed as one of the worst presidents ever.
I Am a lot more knowledgeable about the modern landscape then post Civil War. Thank you for educating me.
Eisenhower was the closest but still a mixed bag. But if you take into account that every single President we have ever had on either side has committed war crimes, then his Presidency gets more props for the good things since the reasons he was shit are universal.
WTF has happened to the Republican Party? Oh, that's right they are victims of Agent Orange
Trump empowered them to say it out loud.
Agreed. Racism has always been there. Its not that they all had a sudden epiphany and said HEY LET US START BEHAVING LIKE RACISTS ASSHOLESnnI feel sad for all the republicans that are not wrong in the head and are trying to stop the ship from sinking into full on fascism.
Those don't exist. Please prove me wrong. Like seriously. I'd love to be wrong here.
Do Not do that. Do Not antagonize a whole group of people because of bad apples(granted...there are LOTS of bad apples in this case). There are republican supporters who really want the best for the US. nnThere are good people everywhere. Be better than these fuckers. Do Not overgeneralize.
I'm talking about Republican politicians. I would like to know which ones are good.nnI agree there are a tiny amount of decent citizens who are republicans due to lack of understanding, comfort, ignorance, blinders on, etc
I do not mean to offend you but you are wrong i am going to. There are lots of people who are republican and are not idiots nor assholes. nnAbout politicians, yep.... 99% are corrupt as shit. Lol
I would have agreed w you until the trump era. It's hard for me to believe that anyone who could look at that man for one minute and decide to support him still have a decent bone in their body. I AM GOING TO there are two options. They are too stupid to realize how evil he is. Or they are completely aware and okay with it because they identify with it. nnI really can't comprehend any other answer to being able to support Trump. All the evil he has done and openly admits to. nnSome guy brags about viciously sexually assaulting women by grabbing their genitals ON TAPE And your reaction is to vote him into office as POTUSu2026 you're either okay with that behavior or too stupid/uninformed to know it happened.
People make mistakes I know many of them regret voting him the first time. If they voted him the second time... Yeah well... That Is on them...
More people voted for him the second timeu2026
There are republican supporters who really want the best for the US. nnYeah, and they think that what is best for the US is white-nationalism.nnThere are good people everywhere. nnThere are not good or bad people. People make choices, choices have outcomes. People who choose to vote for Republicans are voting in opposition to life and liberty for millions of people. Whether Republicans do so out of malice or indifference is irrelevant to those that suffer as a result.nnIf you support it, you are part of it.
The world is not black or white, my friend. That Is their way of doing things.
The world is not black or white, true. But when the world found out Chik-fil-a hated gays it was only the Republicans who celebrated.nnLike I said they are a THREAT TO LIFE AND LIBERTY. Nobodys got time to try to separate the wheat from the chaff when they are staring down an existential threat.nnIf you do not want to be lumped in with white nationalists, you should probably stop supporting white nationalists.
Most republicans are the silent majority. Inside of that you see is a wide range of beliefs. If you hate all of them, its harder to make them change their mind. Many of them are one push away from Awww fuck itnnThat being said, fuck the GOP right now.
I don't hate them. I just recognize that their politics makes me unsafe. nnThe u201csilent majorityu201d are neither of those things. They speak with their votes and they consistently vote in opposition to my rights.nnI wouldn't say fuck the GOP though. Fuck a progressive, I'm sure we're more fun in bed.
They acquired George Wallaces American Independent Party, and it swallowed them from the inside.
That is the best take I Have seen in a long time.
They Are saying the quiet part out loud now. Look up Lee Atwaters famous speech from the 80s on Southern Strategy. They figured out that dog whistling was an effective way to appeal to the racist base. My opinion is that the Trump presidency made people more comfortable about being blatant about it.
They Have been like this my whole life. I was born in the 80s.
Brown vs The Board of Education
Co-opted, as we usta say in the radical 70s. Infiltrated, bought out. Started with Ronald Reagan who announced his presidential bid in the same shitty town that murdered 3 young civil rights activists trying to register black people to vote during the civil rights struggle. Pretty sure that was a dog whistle to the dyed in the wool white supremacists of that era.nn
This is what happens when you have a populace that votes based on the letter next to someone is name, while not caring about politics.
They've actually convinced their voters that Democrats are absolute monsters who want to destroy everything they hold dear. So while this statement sounds insane to us, to them it sounds like saying u201cI'd rather have a weird uncle than a pedophile in office.u201dnnThey are masters at PR
Nah. Agent Orange just brought out what was already lurking in the shadows.
Isn't that generally the choice on the ballot?
Reads the title Surely this is some overblown good old GOP bashingnnReads the interview transcripts Nope, title was pretty much spot on
I felt the opposite. He said that he'd rather have Rodgers than the democrat she beat. I'm not defending the guy at all but to me that's different than literally saying u201cI'd rather have a white nationalist than a Democrat.u201d
yeah, seeing the headline I thought that was a general quote or at least a paraphrasing of one. nope, he was talking about a specific person vs a different specific person. pretty misleading i am going to
He did not say he would rather have a serial killer in the seat. He said he would rather have Jeffrey Dahlmer.
Right, he did not actually say those words. He let us his actions speak for him.
Its so hard to retain a grounded sense of outrage when ever major news outfit is trying to get views through exaggeration, hyperbole, and in the case of the right leaning media, just plain making shit up.
Lolu2026 so you think outrage has to be generated when fascist racists like this guy say stuff like this. And news flash they have been saying stuff like this for over a decade.
You Are misunderstanding the point. They Are saying every article nowadays will exaggerate/lie about what was said for views.
MY point is THIS line of thinking is exaggerated. The GOP is really endorsing white supremacy and fascism as core campaign strategies. If people think this is exaggerated, they can just turn on OAN or Fox News.
Whether they are or not, the quote that this whole article is based on is misleading. While technically correct, the fact that she was a white supremacist had nothing to do with why he stated that he felt like the investment in the candidate was sound. If you cannot see that, you are as much a part of the problem as the side you are all outraged about.
So your saying being a white suprematist is fine as long as our fiscal policies lineup. And that that in no way is offensive..
Where did I say that exactly? I encourage you to re-read my statements instead of trying to get a gotcha moment for attention.
You might not of said that, but that's what the Arizona Governor is saying.
I encourage you to re-read my statements instead of trying to get a gotcha moment for attention.
Your obviously missing the entire point. The article is not exaggerated. The Governor SAID this. If the right wants to not be sensationalized in the media, they should stop saying and doing outrageous things. Like insinuating that Democrats are worse than white supremacists.
Go ahead and grab the quote and put it here in this comment. Well see what he literally said.
u201cI'm proud of what we have accomplished, and (Rodgers) is still better than her opponent, Felicia French.u201d
Do you see what you are missing here? He makes no mention of her being a white supremacist, or what his criteria is for measuring one candidate against the other.
He was asked if he regretted supporting her after she made white supremacist comments and his response was at least she's not the democrat. What are you not getting?
I think your bias might be showing, since that is not what he answered with, or what he was asked. I suggest you go back and re-read the contents of what was actually said with a clear mind and try to avoid letting your bias control how you view things.
We're talking in circles. The Arizona Governor did what the GOP has been doing for quite a while now, which is out right excusing racism and demonizing the opposition.
So he did not literally say what you think he said, he insinuated it... I think that if people are on the fence between choosing a white nationalist or a democrat, you should really think about how much better one has to be at leading than the other. Arizona turned blue overnight because of all of the people fleeing CA, CO, and WA, So no doubt it was one of the best places to live in the US. Think to yourself, if this guy runs his state better than most states in the US, to the point where its a haven for people leaving leftist run states, what does it matter who he supports? Are other governors who run on a left leaning platform doing better than him at running theirs?
That's exactly the termage I used. It's pretty easy to get his meaning. He was asked if he regrets backing her (the white supremacist) and he says at least it's not her opponent and he looks forward to working with her.
I agree, BUT if you are going to take everything at face value you are exactly the demographic Fox news and every other radicalized media outlet is targeting. They want you react in exactly this way. You Are either extremely agreeing, or extremely disagreeing. Best way to deal is to take in the information, cross examine, come up with your own conclusion. If you want to believe everything is exaggerated, therefore nothing is, then fine. But not everyone wants to jump to conclusions just because there is a big (R) next to a name.
This is just enlightened centrism with extra steps...nnHot take, people should be extremely against white supremacist takeovers of government apparatuses.
No shitnnAnd obviously thinking any harder will not do you any good
Its not like clickbait was invented recently, but your hot take is that there is a lot of it.nn
Its definitely not a hot take. Its old news, which was the whole point of original commenter when he said everybody is exaggerating in their headlines.
Denigrating every political stance that is not in line with your own.. Who does that sound like again?
It's not u201cextremeu201d to react to a guy that said verbatim he would rather elect a white supremacist than a Democrat angrily. His take is extreme, not mine.
I agree. You found the statement to be true and reacted accordingly and (i am going to) appropriately. I Am not sure where everyone got lost thinking I Am saying reactions are wrong. Fuck white nationalists. nnI was just pointing out with my first comment that news is so exaggerated its not even true sometimes. They just want clicks.
This discussion is super misplaced when the root comment was specifically about not taking it at face value and instead verifying with the transcript.
Longer than that. See u201cNewt Gingrichu201d
Rolling Stone is not a great source of news. Better than (cable) Fox News, but not by a whole lot. I'd put them up there with Vanity Fare.
not quite, he specifically said he would rather have Rodgers than the specific Democrat she beat. That is a significant difference from saying Id rather a white nationalist than a democratnnThis is a really manipulative thing news articles in general have been doing in recent years. A headline saying Govenor still supports Rodgers despite her white nationalist ties would be far more accurate, and would still be impactful without having to create a headline that implies something else and gives the fake news crowd more ammo.
Same, I know he is of questionable intelligence, but dang that's the not out loud part.
The woman in the background was salivating with her eyes at how disastrous she knew this soundbite was going to be. I Am so happy for her.
I read the article and felt quite the contrary. The guy said he supports Rogers because of some economic reasons rather than the fact that him being an alleged white nationalist.nnThe title is misleading and quite stupid frankly.
We know. That's the problem. They're Nazis.
Well yeah, hes a republican, of course hes down with white supremacists.
Democrats are so unlike me. Id rather work alongside Nazis. - Republicans nnnHey Republicans, uh....this does not say anything about Democrats and says EVERYTHING about you.
...and anti-fascists are my ENEMY I Am an anti-anti-fascist.
I'll save you the click , it's because he is a white nationalist himself
So the governor of Arizona is a fascist. Good to know.
So is Florida's, Texas'a, insert most republican states hereu2026
Yeah I knew about those two already, and did not want to submit an incomplete list.
Actually, the title is not a quote. He said he would rather have the specific person over her specific opponent, for the reasoning that she is useful for voting as needed to pass his specific objectives, which is a more nuanced statement than the title.nnThese news story titles are shit. They imply someone said a quote they did not say, and then everyone circlejerks about it. If you cannot make your point without erasing nuance, then the point seems weak to begin with.
I don't support the guy at all, but Jesus Christ how hard is it to read an article instead of just reacting to a headline?nnThis is like the tenth u201csaying the quiet part out loudu201d post when he literally didn't do that at all. It's embarrassing how people can't read more than a sentence anymoreu2026
I actually did The governor scapegoated and claimed it was all about his agenda. The truth is clear. He better side with a fascist, than a democrat. And to them democrats represent BIPOC.
Once Californians start saturating AZ real estate, a formal change in perception will be introduced. Shouldn't be long now.
Eh you'd think, but a lot of the people I know that have moved to AZ, or are planning to, are doing it to get out of the u201cblueu201d and settle in u201credu201d.
We just got weed recreational. We purple now homie.
That does not make you a purple state
Yeah South Dakota has it as well lol not purple
I thought Noem shot down legal weed in SD, despite it passing by popular vote?
Just looked it up. Guess the recreational part did buy medical still okay. Something about having the legalization of both on the same ballot initiative
They should have researched harder. AZ is getting more and more blue.
They said that about Texas. Gerrymandering. It are not happening. There Is a fuck ton of rural red land here that no one in their God damn mind would leave anywhere in California for. And they are creating even more voter suppression laws. Even the college town near me voted red and its the most liberal area for a long long ways.nnThey cannot win the game so they change the rules.
The GOP is full on against democracy, America, and equality.nnTHEY'VE BECOME EVERTHING OUR GRANDFATHERS FOUGHT AGAINST IN WW2nnf'ing Nazis
I prefer sane Americans to rabid Republicans.
I think when you say you'd rather have a white nationalist than a dem, you're basically just saying u201cI'm a white nationalist.u201d
Good thing he did not say that then.
Duh? He supports Trump and his ilk over Democrats.
Isn't that what all white nationalists want?
This is why republicans want to fellate Putina on stage, in public, every day.
I Am glad I did not vote for this dirtbag
Of course he would, he is one.
Ducey. The poster child for how to best exemplify being a turd in the punch bowl. nnAnd dumb as a rock to boot.
Thank God Douchey cannot run again as governor
Well, at least he's telling us he's a white nationalist.
They are not even bothering hiding the quiet part anymore.
Republican Party becoming more and more NSDAPu2026 if you still vote republican you would have supported Hitler as well. Every time you think this party can't sink any lower they reach new lows. Unbelievableu2026
Its been quite sometime now that Republicans have started stating the quiet part out loud.
Surprising nobody American conservatives openly advocating for white nationalists in public office.
That should be the end of his political career.
And the fool opens his mouth and shit comes out
They've finally dropped the mask.
Finally? The mask has been off for years.
Yeah...that is a problem. The Right wants to choose who is an American. That Is not how Democracy works.
Rather? AZ already had a white supremacist be elected sheriff
As an AZ resident I despise this shitbag and promise to vote against him. Maybe even pee on his shoes if I get the chance. Fuck douchey
inst him. Maybe even pee on hisnnAZ resident here. Ill take a dump in his shoes if given the chance.
So now Arizona voters cannot claim to be in the dark. He said it. Arizona, it's your call. Re-elect him to support these words or vote him out to show us you do not support him. Oh and Sinema too. She has shown you her true colors.nEdit vote not bite
He cannot run again, hes reached the term limit. There Is a lot of discourse expecting him to run for president in 2024, so hopefully the lesson is learned now. I personally do not see him making it that far. I believe Kari Lake is seen as the frontrunner for the Republican primary (she was a prominent news anchor). She Is a mess and has spoken at a white nationalist conference already so really not any better than Ducey. Hopefully we have learned, but we have been getting flooded with more racist, conservative trash from the Midwest and California for years now so who knows what will happen.
I didn't know about his term limit. Thanks. Well it's sad he even reached the limit.
And could not even be bothered to vote.
If he is GOP, he's a white nationalist.
white nationalist and Republican are synonymous so i do not get why we are shocked by this
I bet if you ask him he will deny hes a white nationalist himself - its just that he prefers them over democrats... totally normal rational behavior.
The fuck is wrong with these people
Racism, ignorance and shame over having teeny tiny penises.
These boomers got to die off already
Republicans u201cwe're not racistu201dnnAlso republicans u201clet's put some more white supremacists in officeu201d
White nationalist... is that the term were using for Nazis?
The governor of Arizona is clearly a Nazi sympathizer and does not deserve to hold office in the United States, a known enemy of Nazis.
Fairly certain these are the two parties currently . Everyone needs to decide if they want a Democrat or a white nationalist.
Waitu2026 I thought Democrats were white nationalists. Sheesh, can they make up their mind? Bunch of fascist, crony swine.
If you tolerate a white nationalist, congratulations, you are a white nationalist.
Arizona governor is telling the truth. He really would rather that. Now let's hope the next election the people would rather a new governor.
Governor Ducey is a fucking moron Racist piece of shit. He let neo nazi punks walk across the lawn and didn't call the cops. These miscreants are his fucking voter base. Fuck him and all republicans
Fuck this guy. Box in his car on the road. Why do these convoys screw up normal peoples lives? These pieces of shit work each day to make our lives and this country worse. Fuck him.
Jesus. I have trouble understanding how these people could even think that what they're saying is moral. How disgusting.
The US has no shortage of white nationalists in positions of power, it's called the Republican Party.
Id rather have a white nationalist in government than a democrat. And i should know, i am a white nationalist -him
As a native Arizonan I am extremely ashamed, embarrassed and saddened. He needs to be removed.
Most dangerous thing in America is a scared white man.
When Nazis tell you who they are, believe them.
He should defect to Russia along with the rest of the worthless bastards who would rather live in a fascist shithole than a free country. They can see what it really looks like when their side has power.
Well duh. I thought that was the only group the GOP was representing now.
Hmmmmu2026. If the hood fits I guess
Does Not White nationalist mean Nazi?
Nazis were a political party/regime in Germany in the first half of the twentieth century. It was a stand in for National Socialists.nnTo answer your question, no, they are not the same thing. That said, a not insignificant number of white nationalists likely hold very similar beliefs, or are sympathetic to many of the tenets, of the historical Nazi party. I still would not suggest using the term interchangeably because, well, they are not interchangeable.
It means not Democrat apparently, so who else would it be?
Of course he would loved his own type people
Republicans are like husbands who cheat and get away with it. They do it over and over again and now are at the point of fucking people in front of their wives
He's trying to justify his actions by saying that he needed a majority in the senate to pass increases in social spending and education spending, as if the democrats have ever opposed either of those goals. He's just straight up lying at this point.nnRemember, when conservatives are faced with the threat of losing power to moderate liberals, they will always make concessions to the fascists rather than just accept an orderly transition of power.
moderate liberalnnLiterally he added a tax on to registrations to help cover the cost of education in AZ because he used the money elsewhere (taxbreaks for the wealthy) , and then used that money from that elsewhere. its a giant Nazi Grift.
The fascists are coming out of the woodwork Americans, pay attention
...does not that make him a white nationalist?
Not surprising that the GOP would find themselves closer to White Nationalists than democrats
I live in AZ and I Am definitely not voting for this idiot
I mean, technically nobody is voting for this idiot. Hes term limited and cannot run again.
Fuck Doug Duceyn-A Maricopa Voter
Of course he would, hes a conservative white guy. Literally at zero personal risk from the kkk.nnMeanwhile, democrats might tax him.
I'd rather have a squirrel in charge than be represented by a Republican.
ve unfinished buisness nninstead of being nuts they like to eat nuts
US have unfinished buisness with their white supremacists. Nazis life do not matter.
Man, what in the shit happened to this country?
Is Not that the position of the whole GOP?
Said the quiet part out loud again. Oops.
How the hell has the US gotten to the point where a major political party openly embraces fascism and espouses it out loud without an immediate and resounding condemnation by all citizens, on either side of the aisle.nnIt is frightening how normalized this is now.nnThe US is utterly lost.
Trump instigated or at the very least accelerated this
Of fucking course he would....he is a white nationalist.
I would rather vacation in HELL then spend a dime in Arizona. You only have to say it one Governor
We need to start calling people like this for what they are - enemies of Democracy and Truth.
when you would rather let domestic terrorist take power thanloose to the enemy. we really need to fix this system, two major parties are not enough also the vilification of any party that is not yours and the logic of policy making to fuck over the other guys and not actually help people needs to stop
actually help people needs to stopnnYou are correct Good to see thisnn&nnOH VOTE
if that is the best you can do is take bits out of context than that is just pathetic. it says policymaking to fuck over the other guys and to not actually help people needs to stop
I meant that I agree with the idea of two major parties are not enough.....etcnnReddit helpfully /s shortened my selection to quote .nnI agree with your thought here.
It sucks that Republicans all converted to Nazism once they were in power, thus making it incredibly difficult to remove them. Much like cancer, if the cancer was festering shit.
Id rather have a literal fucking Nazi in my legislature than a single drop of melanin.
I no longer recognize the republican party as an American party. They are a fascist regime and directly oppose the foundations of the United States. They should be declared a terror group and the leadership should be exiled.
Yes everyone is aware you want white nationalist
The masks have really come off since 2020. White nationalists are completely unacceptable. Yet... here we are. Strange and unfortunate timeline.
Repeat after me A vote for a republican is a vote for fascism.
Republican White Nationalist. nnThe end of the Republican Big Tent
So he'd rather have a Republican than a Democrat.
Well we had that, and it did not work out so well
Republicans want to be Russia so fucking bad it's disgusting
Who else is getting tired of these very n religious Christian nationalists?
I'd rather have a Republican than a white supremacist, except, well u2026
They Are saying the quiet part out loud
Ya. We know. that is why you are the bad guy.
Is this a direct quote?? My goodness this is disgusting. plot twist - he must be the white nationalist he seeks.
Gutta Give it to Trump. Before him the nazis in america basically kept a low profile, hidden behind white hoods.nnNow...they have no problems saying the quiet stuff out loud. At least its easier to find then.
Doug Douchey, white and proud
Well yeah, being a white nationalist himself makes it a pretty easy choice.
Then he probably is a white nationalist.
Wow they do not even try to hide it anymore
I know sometimes far left could be to far up their own asses, but the far right could be 10 times more insane on so many levels
Putin just came in his pants, sends you a friend request
I live in Texas and it's crazy how common confederate flags are along with f joe bided, trump 2024 , and then call themselves Christ followers
He wasn't using hyperbole, he just wants a white nationalist in the state legislature. What year is it by the way? Republicans aren't even conservative anymore, they're big spending, big government plutocrats. They can kiss my ass, sellouts
I've said it before I'll say it again. How the fuck are these people still in their positions? I'd get fired for saying that shit
Arizonan here, I can't wait to vote this piece of shit out of office
So he's saying he's a white nationalist. The governor of Arizona is a white nationalist, and he basically admits it.
So glad this bastard can't continue as governor
Wtf americans? Wake the hell up Your GOP has gone full fascist. Stop this. Bring a new party in if you think democrats are not for you. But this is blatantly stupid.
Who had u201c war with Russia and nazisu201d for 2022?
When people tell you who they are through their deeds, believe them.
This is actually not newsu2026 it's been the Republican truth for decades.
A Fascist and proud of it.
Welcome to Nazi America, brought to you by a big, fat, Cheeto monster.
This is what privilege looks like.
The Republican party has gone so far off the rails, they are allied with Nazis and Communist Russia at the same time.
WWII historians HATE this one simple trick
My first thought was to research weather or not Rogers is a u201cwhite nationalistu201d and she does have political ties to such people but does not claim to be one herself. Unfortunately for her you are guilty by association. nnYou can be a conservative and not associate with the extremist on the right. As a matter of fact you can be conservative and condemn those extremist as I do. nnIt's obvious that some republicans are selling their soul for a vote. I won't stand behind that
It's obvious that some republicans are selling their soul for a vote. I won't stand behind thatnnSome? It looks like there are only a few of you left with souls. Bro, your party left you.
That Is what a racist would say
That is what a white nationalist would say
And so more white nationalism we will get. This is scary rhetoric to say the least.
rhetoric so scary you did not even bother to check whether it exists, which it does not
Keep spreading hate Republicans. There seems to be a big audience for it.
They are just quoting a politician... Are we not allowed to report on what politicians are saying because it makes them look bad?
u201cIf it's white it's rightu201d should be their motto.
The Arizona legislature has a lot of white nationalists in it.
Maybe he should run for State Legislature in Russia then.
GQP is aiming for a dictatorship...
Hmm..sounds like something a white nationalist would say
Ducey's comments don't make sense to most Arizonans.
The quiet part out loud?
Damm they are not even trying to hide their real intentions anymore.
Saying the quiet part out loud is getting out of hand. How can anyone want to be in line with this party?
He is already there ud83eudd37u200du2642ufe0f
Yes, this is quite literally their agenda
Well at least they are saying the quiet part out loud now
People do generally tend to prefer spending time with and working alongside like minded folks...nnNot calling him a Nazi,nnBut if he looks like a Nazi, and talks like a Nazi, and does salutes like a nazi...
As we all know they no longer worry about expressing what used to be the quiet parts.
Of course, he would ...
On today's edition of Saying the Quiet Part Out Loud, a Republican admits he'd rather vote for himself than a democrat.
If you are okay with White Nationalists, you might be one yourself.
Arizona Governor Says He Would Rather Have a White Nationalist in State Legislature than a DemocratnnYeah well, birds of a feather.... and all that seems apropos here.nnThe right wing governor displays nothing but sheer tribalism and self-serving opportunism - because Republicans sure as hell have nothing worthwhile to offer the American people .nnjust lies, discord, the spreading of disinformation, division and hate to further the Republicans because to replace what ittle is left of the nations democracy with their brand of fascism.
So not even trying to hide his racism anymore? u201cThat's a bold play Cottonu201d
So their hero Putin then?
Man, we are way past the slippery slope stage.
This type of talking, coupled with the having a distinctly different culture than the north is going to get this country in a lot of trouble. Either the people shut this down immediately and throw his feet to the fire, or we keep inching closer to civil war. This is not ok.
Why say white nationalist when you can just say Republican lmao
Racist sympathizer should be removed from office.
I am a white nationalist
Nothing new here. Just a right wing imbecile who loves putin and hitler.
He said the quiet part out loud again
I'm not going to type out white nationalists every time. Can we just shorten it to Natsi's, or something?
If a nazi is sitting at a table with 9 friends you have a table of 10 nazis
This isn't news. We've known this about the Republican Party for over a decade. They're all just still pissed about Obama, a bigger man and better Christian than all these hatemongers.
Boycott Cold Stone Fuck this asshole, hes such a embarrassment.
Gone from saying the quiet part out loud to shouting it with a bullhorn.
They do not even bother to hide it anymore. Do they?
I Have been saying this is the Republican philosophy for a while now better a monster from our team than a good person from the other team.
Anyone who says they're not tryna go full fascist is a secret-fascist
I think the GOP actually added that to their bylaws.
Texas here, we already made that trade for all the Statewide offices.
Well yeah, those are the two dominant political parties in the US. What else would be in the state legislature?
Isn't Arizona a blue state now?
HIS NAME IS DOUG DUCEY, SAY HIS NAMEnnJust kidding. But seriously, outlets rarely print names of people who are not nationally famous. There Is no conspiracy against him or the dems.
In other news, Sky is Blue
Fck these guys, seriously fck these guys to hell.
Of course he would --- his political party embraces not only those that carry the Nazi and Confederate flags -- flags of declared enemies of the USA -- enemies that American troops died to defeat in bloody wars -- but now, it seems, they also support modern day oligarchs/dictators ...Putin, for instance.
The GOP sounds more and more like the KKK every day.
Did this tell you something you did not already know? Is this news?
Is Not this just a regular concept of most Republicans?
He kept talking about needing a governing majority. Why is it not even a concept in Republicans minds to consider working across the aisle to pass their agenda? That Is what all truly great leaders have been able to do.
I mean they already elected trump president and nominated him for a second term, this seems pretty obvious.
In the article it states that Doug denied a recount of votes when trump requested it nnRead the article not the misleading headline
They also said better Russian than a Democrat. Ya'll done believing their lies yet? Conservatism has ALWAYS been a white nationalist autocratic movement. Always.
Saying shit like this shouldn't be Legal. Especially not by a politician in our government.
In other news, Republicans have preferred white nationalists to Democrats since 2016.
You forgot to remove ...than a Democrat.
There's literally no bottom for the Republican Party.
Everyone except the willfully ignorant knew he was a nazi as soon as they saw the R next to his name
Obvious racism at it's finest
We should all take note of this. To many GQP government officials openly state they would rather that someone who supports white supremacy be in a leadership position of government- anyone who knows history can see where this is goingu2026.
Actively promoting enemies of the state like this should get you disqualified from any seat of government.
He's just describing the two party system?
Hey, everyone in Arizona with a conscienceu2014vote next time
Look it's the Nazi Putin has been looking for desperately
I hat he's really saying is he's rather have another Republican than democrat in office.
Just using plain speak now. nnAnyone saying the Republican Party isn't scared of diversity, please come explain this?
Good This is great.nnPlease, keep outing yourselves Republicans please do.nnPLEASE. KEEP OUTING YOURSELVES. BE LOUD AND PROUD DnnSo we can identify you and not partake in things you want us to.
If you vote for this guy again, you too are a white nationalist.
Arizona Governor says He'd rather have a NAZI in State Legislature than a Democrat. FTFY.
Republicans are even pretending they're not fascists these days.
Corporations based in AZ we are watching you. Best get to stepping
Is he trying to imply White Nationalists and Republicans are somehow two seperate things?
How do these jerks not see who is rooting the most vocally for them, and not think... Oh Shit... I do not want their supportnnLike, if you are not going to change your policies away from the shit they love, at least condemn the fuck out of those Nazi fucks and try to disassociate yourself from them.
That kind of makes him a white nationalist.
God damn...this country is rotting.
It's really fun with candidates provide gold for their opponents attack ads.
Of course. Trump said it was okay to be openly racist now and the Republican Party 100% supports that.
Are the US States able to have a state-to-state war against each other based on their racial intent? if they do, what gov department would stop them?
Tried it once before, it did not work out well for the racists.
My Hungarian great uncle had to fight on the same team as Nazis during WWII. They would go drinking with said Nazis, fake being drunk and then would be the living shit out of them in a ambush.nnFuck Nazis.
lol I bet he would
ud83dude44 I Have become desensitized by these outlandish comments. What an ignorant prick.
Uhh that means hes a white nationalist
Id rather see nazis run the country than my tax dollars possibly go to help people
guys please vote. nazi is now out and in the open proudly displace their nazism. it no longer if i let them yell the crazy will go away. they ain't going away
Probably because he is one.
Then god I can vote pricks like this out
he should just come out and say it, he thinks the us chose the wrong side during wwii
Well that goes without saying lmao no one is surprised by this.
Sounds like the Gov is a white nationalist
You know, we all knew that on the down low, but like now they have gone and just said it
Ironic to be representing the people of Arizona
So he supports white nationalism. Good when these people admit their beliefs.
He's speaking to his base.
Russian playbook is working well.
Arizona is one of the most racist places I've been too in America, i am very sure he'd rather have that.
When they take over Congress and add seats in state legislatures this fall it will be certain that America is done.
Birds of a feather i guess. Is this saying the quite part loudly?
ud83dude2f And there it is. The quiet part for Racistpublicans is no longer quiet ...
And there it is, we all saw since 2016 when all the other Republicans were like why do you call us racist just for supporting trump . And the stupidity of it is they do not about the white supporters. They just need them to get in power.
we know bruh that's why we call you a nazi
Because he is a white nationalist
The entire Republican Party would rather have a white nationalist as President of the whole freaking country than any Democrat. That's what they supported in the last two elections. They're batshit, through and through.
Probably more accurate just to say he wants a white nationalist in the state legislature.
AZ Governor here is a list of white nationalists that I personally recommend
Douchebag Ducey doesn't like Americans with other options than his. Probably thinks they are the enemy. Sounds like a douchebag to me.
Yes he is a fool.
Republicans are anti-american, anti-democracy, no platform, grifting pieces of shit.
Great. He says another thing to emabrass us Arizonans. We did not all vote for him here. I know I Am not the last to say hes a deuce. No pun intended.
These are the same fuckers that wore shirts that said better Russian than Democrat. You know your party is completely gucked when they hate the other party of their democracy more than enemy countries that commit atrocities and war crimes constantly.
Yeah of course. I Am pretty sure this surprises nobody
Always the fascist answer first.
I'd rather have a can of soup in state legislature than a Republican.
Something a white supremacist would say to his white supremacist supporters.
Say you're a Nazi, without saying you're a Nazi
Should I be getting a gun to defend myself from the right at this point?
Right wingers have been a national security threat since the CSA, and even more recently, Jan 6th 2021.
At least the bigots are outting themselves.
He should resign. Racist for sure
Shocking, says this casual observer. /s
Well yeah, because that means they'd be a Republican.
So, the cat is out of the bag
doug ducey is the fucking worst
How very patriotic of him.
They don't call the GOP white-wing for nothing.
Get him the fuck outta there, now.
I mean, good luck finding someone who could win as a Republican today that is not one.
Trump succeeded at doing that...
We knew that already, Douggie.
USA 1945 We defeated the nazisnUSA 2022 We Have got nazis in government.
Just said the quiet part out loud.
Why are shitty people not hiding their ugliness any more? And why are we not collectively and vocally telling this asshole to shut his fuckin cake hole?
That Is because most of them are white nationalist
They are not the same thing?
Duh, fellow nazis are easier to agree with
Fuck this guy for real. nnAn embarrassment to my state.
I Am pretty sure he would rather have a White Nationalist. Period.
Why are these people so fucking angry
Never surprised when you watch u201cRepublicans say the dumbest thingsu201d.
He's one of them so he's ok with it
Uh, no shit. Reps have been pushing the southern strategy for decades. We get it. You're all racist af.
This is the kind of nonsense that occurs when States are able to run themselves.
Show you are a white supremacist without saying the actual words. Well done governor you steaming pile of garbage. Dude needs to look at his face and reassess his superior genes
This is why the right is siding with freaking Putin - literally, at this point in Republican ideology, literally nothing is worse than a democrat.
And we'ed rather have someone with a brain, in the AZ. Governor mansion
I suspect this is not a sudden change of heart
Super cool that the GOP can be both right wing and ultra nationalist. Oh wait, they are the same thing now. nnI'm over the bs. Let's call it what it is. The GOP is the white nationalist party
I Am sure Az would rather have an American for a Governor than a religious nazi ..
Goddamn, Republicans have given up trying to hide/disguise how evil they are any more. They just straight-up say the quiet part out-loud and publicly admit that they're fascists and, even worse, are proud of it.
At what point do they stop saying the quiet parts out loud and there are no longer any quiet parts anymore.
This is the sound of fear and desperation from a governor that sees their power slipping
Well of course he would want more republicans.
So he admitted a white nationalist is not likely to be a Democrat which means....
Is he the top choice to challenge sen Kelly?
He's like republican or white nationalist? Samesies
Well yeah, he's white ud83dude02 makes sense to me
Yes, we know. nnHe would rather have a white nationalist in the state legislature, period.
I, as a democrat, would not prefer a white nationalist to a republican in the legislature, the problem is they are often one in the same.
well duh, if course hes prefer a republican in office
Republicans showing their true colors.nnInb4 u201cnot all Republicansu2026u201d - if you vote Republican you're either a white nationalist or white nationalism is not a deal breaker. I'm sorry, but your party has been taken over by white nationalism, and the party's only platform is fear/hate toward everything not white straight Christians.
Well this is obvious...hes probably already lining up his brother for the job.
republicans no longer hiding their racism. This right here is the entire republican party.
If I were a white nationalist too, Id have to agree with him
To be fair that white nationalist would be a Republican. So of course that's what we wants.
Hes just a racist and an un-American enemy of America.
Better Nazi than a Democrat, right?nnWTF is wrong with this guy?
Yes we know you're a Nazi
No need to tell us Doug, we already knew.
I would rather his family see him killed on national tv, than listen to anyone that is opposing our democracy
Ummm who wants to tell him
Translation he would like another member of GOP in legislature.
Looks like we have another entrant in the upcoming Republican presidential primary
Two Dem Senators and Biden won the state in 2020. Tides turning, jackass fascist.
Obviously he wants someone he relates to.
Of course he does because he too is a white nationalist.
Oh he said the quite part loud again
That's a lot of words to say u201cI'm a racistu201d
He said the silent part out loud again.
He is loyal to his party, that's for sure.
Certainly a role he wouldn't struggle to play..
Rips off masknnDoug Ducey I AM THAT WHITE NATIONALIST
So he's announcing his re-election campaign?
This is a perfect example of bullshit. Whether or not you agree with the author, this is exactly why u201cnewsu201d isn't trusted anywhere. nnThis is posed as a news article when it is in fact an opinion piece. The Governor did not say what the title implies. The title is a conclusion drawn by the author based on his comment. This is not an accurate reporting of facts and is instead an editorialized opinion piece. These are the kinds of articles that are geared to promote outrage in the audience.nnArticles like this should be required to start with u201cOpinion Arizona Governoru2026.u201d This is such irresponsible bullshit.
No. He wouldn't u201cratheru201d have that. He wants that.
He just meant a Republican. Same thing.
What it is a white nationalist AND a democrat?
They traded their pointy hats for suits and ties......
Of course he did the fucking Neo Nazi
We know, the GOP has made it very clear that they favor nazis
Full mask off during WW3, well OK then.nnRemember kids, this was Madison Square Garden at the beginning of WW2.()nnWeve been here before, but without the nukes.
u201cWhite nationalist says he'd rather have a white nationalist in state legislature than a democrat.u201dnFixed it.
Did he just say what republicans are already thinking?
This is not news. Everyone already knew this.
In a sane universe, he would lose his job or at the very least be up for recall but I doubt that either will happen.
He follows orders from not sanity.
I live in AZ, this is not surprise to me.
Sure my my candidate might be fucking underage girls and paying them off to get abortions while holding up a bible, dodging taxes, and morally and ethically bankrupt pushing for a state where corporations and police can do anything they want but at least hes not a Democrat n-Average Republican
Vote these morons out in all cities and states
He's there. Is the racist asshole lonely? Shouldn't be so damn racist. Expand the pool of potential friends that way.nnEdit. u201cFrondsu201d to friends.
Want to hear a secret? He's a white nationalist
Yes, we all know you love racists.
Putins divide and conquer plan is working like clockwork
Can we get these Nazi fucks out of our government yet?
I think he's talking about himself
I am asking into the windnnnDoes anyone out there realize how dangerous this has become?
I'm sick of white conservativesu2026
Looks like a nazi lover to me.
Well that clears that up. Better Nazism than beneficial social programs. nnI think it's well past time to put the u201cgopu201d to rest. The American bund has revealed itself.
Is this what early to mid 30s Germany was like?
He look in a mirror?
I instinctively down voted it because I hate it so much
They have fully revealed themselves. No one is doing anything other than frown upon. We are all fucked guys.
I expect nothing less from an Arizona politician.
Uhu2026 yeah, we understand that.
Why are we putting up with this shit
Just say you're a white nationalist
Arizona Governor is white nationalist.
Close to 100 years later and here we fucking go again. These asshole refuse to die out. nnIf you are paying attention than you are noticing the patterns. Neo-Nazis have been slowly laying the road back to power and look how far they have come so far.
there probably in your neighbor hood, take out your trash, bag your groceries, make your burgers, wait your tables, make your food, repair your air conditioning, connect your calls. guard you while you sleep.
On of the many reason you should buy a fire arm and learn to use it. If current times have thought me anything it's that no one is looking out for you but your loved ones.
They are in my neighborhood...they are the trash, they are only educated enough to bag groceries, work in fast food, and basic manual labor. They sure as shit do not guard a damn thing and they can fuck right off.
Man needs a dirt nap
As an Arizona resident, the bigger states need to boycott us until the GOP here finally condemns white supremacy. Hit these nazis where it hurts, if we can do it for kellogs we can do it here.
You mean condemn. Not condone.
Said the quiet part out loud. They do not even care anymore
So...it was just a campaign announcement then?
in other news....water is wet
I can't defend conservative politicians anymore when they spew idiotic things. I'm done with them.
A white natioalist In the state capital, so goes what is left of the American democracy.
Its almost like starting a civil war here would help Winnie/the Putin play out their imperialistic fantasies uninterrupted. The gQp seems hellbent on splitting teams & helping usher that in almost on queue now.
Something, something, quiet part out loud, something something. nnThere is no u201cquiet partu201d with the QOP. They're racist, traitorous fucks - and proud of it
Lol we all know this already.
What a coincidence, so would his constituents.
I believe that white nationalists should live with SpongeBob and Square Pants... at the bottom of the ocean.
I hate Doug Ducey. What a puss
I Am just waiting for the anti Doug D campaign ads. Drop the Deuce its a shame he is not running again because he would get demolished.
I'm sure he'd be very comfortable with that. As the saying goes u2018like attracts like'u2026
Not sure why this is news. Republican prefers Republican is perhaps the most boring headline ever.
We get it, you goose step.
Yeah we have heard of Republicans.
What he's really saying is u201cI would rather keep my job than lose it to a democratu201d
What a chode.... guys a nutter.
He looks like something right out of Jerry Springer.
Not surprising considering when I lived in AZ briefly as a kid my mom kept my home for MLK Jr. Day because the governor at the time was a racist pile of shit.
Fuck Doug Douchie - signed, an Arizonan.
God I hate the GOP. What pieces of shit
If it walks and talks like a fascist, it's probably a fascist
America is full of nazi white nationalist
So hes trying to lock in Arizona as permanent site for WhiteTrashapalooza events going forward.
I mean obviously he would want to elect himself to office.
...I hear russia is looking for guys just like him
Literally every Republican voter agrees with this.
This is not really shocking is it. I mean we kind of knew this already lol.
Didn't Arizona passed a law like 10 years ago about anyone that looks illegal (aka looks like a brown Mexican) will be stopped by police and need to show their birth certificate or other identification? I recall something like that happening in that state.
What a massive rotten cum stain
That's because he is a white nationalist.
One way or another were going to have a full-on, major battle with white nationalists in this country. Just hope we win and nothing worse springs from the ashes on the other side. nnIn so may ways its just an awful time to be alive.
As an Arizonian I Am ashamed that he has anything to do with my state. I would also like to apologize to everyone else for having to breathe the same air as him.
That Is because hes a fucking nazi and a dingbat himself
Considering that population more closely aligns with Republican values than democrats? Why is anyone surprised.
I'm from AZ, and doing my part to get rid of these fucks. But you're right. A lot of the population are shitbags.
Ignorance is bliss butu2026u2026United we stand and Divided we fall.
What's happening in Ukraine demonstrates what u201cnationalistsu201d will get you just as 1/6/22 did.
This guy is dumb as dirt. I live in AZ. His policies are purely political with no positive change. Did y'all hear about how he solved our water crisis via a pipeline from Mexico? I have no idea why this lost traction in the news. Forget all of CRWUA, somehow he's a genius. No. He's a bellend. He did not save Arizonan lives during Covid. His policies resulted in preventable deaths. u2026and then there is Texas.
Pretty much sums up the Republican state of mind. And that includes politicians and voters alike.
With another World War looming, its only fitting that they make a reappearance.
Because unlike democrats who are basically glorified snorlaxes when it comes to legislation white nationalists will actively work to make life of minorities hell and bring laws like Texas Heartbeat, just what they were voted in for...
I hope this nazi gets shot very soon
So most of the Republicans in office...
Arizona Governor reveals he is white nationalist.
In general, there is no way to be courteous towards this. The Governor just openly admitted to being a racist and therefor is no longer serving all of the public. Simply put, he needs to be removed now.
When someone tells you who they are, believe them.
This guy should be in charge of coming up with the GQP platform in election years, FINALLY someone willing to speak truthfully about his fucked up beliefs
u201cLadies and gentlemen, we got'emu2026u201d
There is a war in Europe and nazis in US. Weird.
Why do not these anti-democracy idiots just go to Russia?
Well he's got that hood he can't wear in public and that's just not fairu2026.nn/s
He sure is beginnin to sound like a Nazi.
Well it is Arizona SMDH
Does he not hear himself? nFuckery how he can say that out in the open
Soooo, hes a white nationalist.nnGlad that is out in the open now.
Most republicans would rather have Putin as POTUS than Bidon.
Aka u201cHe'd rather have a Republican in State Legislature than a Democratu201d
Why is it news that a Republican would rather have a Republican in the legislature than a Democrat?
I guess its because the republican is openly admitting they rather have a white nationalist.nnThese are not John McCain republicans, they are Matt Gaetz republicans.
Something most of his supporters already knew and were proud ofu2026.lmao
Pam They Are the same picture.
Putin has won in the USA.
Why would any republicans vote for someone who thinks that fascist and dictator would be prefer vs. a democratic elected leader who represents the majority of the voters who represent them? nnTrupmism and russia has impacted the emotion fears that Reagan fought against. So sad to see in this century, we have wealthy people trying to control the ignorant whites with fear.
More and more, they are saying the quiet parts out loud.
Dog says he'd rather have a canine added to the family than a cat.
Is this a surprise to anyone? Republican governor is racist.. hardly news
Isn't that the case for, like, the entire Republican Party for a while now?
Yeah do not vote for this thing again. You All best take note for next election.
When America is gone and replaced by whatever comes next, those still alive will look back and dumbfoundedly wonder what we could have done to change the outcome.
Over half the voters in this country would rather have a white nationalist as president, is this a surprise?
That statement is nowhere in the article. I'm confused.
You Are correct that he does not make that exact statement verbatim, but Wendy Rogers White Nationalist (actually she is worse than just that), and its clear that he knows this. Its also a subtle distinction, but the title isnnArizona Governor Says He Would Rather Have a White Nationalist in State Legislature than a DemocratnnAnd notnnArizona Governor Says, Id Rather Have a White Nationalist in State Legislature than a Democrat.nnIt would have been better if they had writtennnArizona Governor Pays 500k to Have a White Nationalist in State Legislature Rather than a Democrat
tWendy Rogers White NationalistnnI would love a source that proves she's a white nationalistnnEdit finally got a source. Yea I don't disagree she's pretty fucking racist/white nationalisty.
nnnnShe is by every definition of the word a white nationalist. Judging by your defense of her its pretty obvious you are too.
Does she believe in the concept that white people are being replaced in the US and is a pressing concern? nnnYou know what? Instead of just going down and regurgitating a list Ill ask you the question. nnWhat would it take from you to call someone a white nationalist without them self labeling themselves as white nationalist? What rhetoric must they spew?
tWhat would it take from you to call someone a white nationalist without them self labeling themselves as white nationalist? What rhetoric must they spew?nnIdk you are the one claiming she's a white nationalist. A source should be easy to provide where she's u201cspewingu201d white nationalist rhetoric if you truly believe she's what you say she is
No, you need to say where you place the goalposts first. How do you define a white nationalist? What will you accept as proof that someone is one?
There are no my definitions and your definition. White nationalism has a definition, follow that.
OK, then is this the definition you shall accept?nnWhite nationalism is a type of nationalism or pan-nationalism which espouses the belief that white people are a race and seeks to develop and maintain a white racial and national identity.
nnIdk where you're getting your definitions from but usually people use dictionary.com or merriam Webster's. So let's use that.nntespouses the belief that white people are a racennLink where you got your definition. If you think white is a race you're now a white nationalist?
Scientifically and ethnically, u201cwhiteu201d is not a race. But white nationalists say it is. What do you think?
tScientifically and ethnically, u201cwhiteu201d is not a race. nnLol okay bud. I don't agree with you on this and I have not heard of any scientific papers saying white isn't a race. nnYou're also not going to label me as a white nationalist off that. nnHave a good one
Yes, if you believe, despite any genetic evidence, that u201cwhite peopleu201d are a race, then this discussion will be very uncomfortable for you and I understand why you are bowing out.
Did you trip over the goal post while you were moving it?
Explain how I moved the goal post.
Sure thing. First you argued that there was no evidence that this senator was a white nationalist. You were then given evidence of some of their actions and asked to give a definition. Then you argued that you should not have to define white nationalism and they should. Then you argued that the definition they gave should not count since it also applied to you too. This is where you rage quit the discussion/ tripped over the goal post
Black is not a race and neither is white.nThis is not new information this is common as mud.nIts a fact. nnNo one should need to link you a scientific article for this.
Black is not a race? So people who do not like black people are not racist?
I suggest you look up the definition of race
Pretty sure it will not say colour is the defining factor. nn In fact I know it will not. And this just leads to race is a wishy washy concept that no one should be using to define people in its current definition.nCause its kind of a confusing term when some people are using nuance and some people are defining all people of a similar colour as the same race. When that does not even take into account ancestry and social identity.
nntany one of the groups that humans are often divided into based on physical traits regarded as common among people of shared ancestrynnEducate yourself before you embarrass yourself
Okay? Your comment adds nothing. The original claim was that white wasn't a race.nntidentifying a group sharing some outward physical characteristics and some commonalities of culture and history.u201dnnOutward physical characteristics like idk, being white? nnI was wrong, your comment added something. Proved I was correct. nnIronic telling me to educate myself when you're arguing against defintions
Oh, did not even think of this because of how fucking stupid your original argument was - what race do you consider mixed breeds? I mean, race is clearly important to you, what is the percentage in your mind that is considered white? You spend a lot of time thinking about race, do you have delineations? Like, quadroons? What fucking race are native Americans?
nntwhat race do you consider mixed breeds?nnnnntI mean, race is clearly important to you, what is the percentage in your mind that's considered white? You spend a lot of time thinking about race, do you have delineations?nnNot really, but it's the subject we are talking about so that's why I'm talking about it.
Lol, you are such an ignorant piece of racist shit ud83dude06
When you don't have any standing in the argument and you know you're wrong you resort to personal attacks.nnYou're spewing the bullshit that white isn't a race and calling me a racist. Good luck with that bud
White is only a race because of slavery. Even Hitlers racist ass did not think all white people were one race.
Sorry but I think I'm going to go with Webster's definition over yours.
Well just because dumbasses like you subverted the meaning for so long that the definition was forced to change. Does Not mean we should not give it a proper definition instead of the Webster one. nWhich gives 0 clarity as to who a person is contextually. Unless you think skin colour is a seriously good trait to use for dividing people into arbitrary groups.nnThere are much more defining ways to divide up human beings if its an absolute must.
tWell just because dumbasses like you subverted the meaning for so long that the definition was forced to changennLmao no. nntDoesn't mean we shouldn't give it a proper definition instead of the Webster onennYou know more than Webster now? Lmao. nntUnless you think skin colour is a seriously good trait to use for dividing people into arbitrary groups.nnNever said that. nntThere are much more defining ways to divide up human beings if its an absolute must.nnNo shit. But that's not what's being discussed
Do you support affirmative action?
White is nothing more than a cultural term, not a scientific one. Hence why Italians and Irish when they were fresh immigrants to the US were not considered white. Did their genetic makeup change for them to eventually be accepted under the class of white? nnI hope I do not have to answer that question.
tHence why Italians and Irish when they were fresh immigrants to the US weren't considered u201cwhiteu201d.nnThanks for proving my point that white is a race.nnKeep arguing against definitions. I'm sure it will work out great for you.
Thanks for proving my point that white is a race.nnSure if you consider race a social construct rather than a scientific term. Hence again why Italians and Irish were magically turned from not white to white over a course of a couple of generations. nnUnless you think that Italians and Irish evolved in a span of two generations to be genetically white.
tSure if you consider race a social construct rather than a scientific termnnNo I use the actual definitions not the ones you formed in your head. But thanks for proving my point.
I mean its objectively not a race.
u201cNo you tell me your goalposts because I can't tell you my definitionu201d Lol your hilarious. nnFuck Ducey though.
It's important to get fascists to commit to terms when engaging them. Otherwise they just pull the same shit this guy did - and look, he ran away.
Did you read what I typed? I started with the first on my list and realized that method will not work especially if I do not know YOUR criteria. nnHence why I Am asking you what is your criteria. If I regurgitate a list it will not help. I already started off with her buying into the great replacement theory that whites are being replaced by others, in America and its a problem. That alone would be enough for me but you might have a differing opinion on what a white nationalist is. nnHence why I Am asking you what type of rhetoric would one need to spew to be considered a white nationalist
White nationalism has a definition. It means you think your country needs to have a white racial and national identity. nnSo again. I would love a source showing she's a white nationalist.
Being scared that white people are not a majority of the population fits that definition.
Just give them the source already. I want it too and I Am sure others browsing by controversial who know barely anything about Wendy Rogers would like it as well.nnEdit like fuck I simply googled it and found something. (politician). Idk why you had to make such a deep comment thread for this.
because the white nationalist was sealioning.
I do not think asking for a source is very disingenuous. If they are then at the minimum everyone else who is sorting by controversial can see it and sees a source. nnAnd I will not lie, I Am not as informed about this as you all are (which is why I sorted by controversial, I get to see the skepticism and the response to it) and I had a similar flow as the other person. He did not say that? Wendy Rogers is a white nationalist? Oooh ok this all makes sense now.
Again one source where she says that.
I got you, buddy. She's drooling over nick Fuentes nnShe also called for a celebration of confederate generals() on mlk jr daynnNow for the test of u201cis there plausible deniabilityu201d
I already got a source from another person and agree with you guys. Chill
Excuse me for being 13 minutes late. Didn't see any replies
Does she believe in the concept that white people are being replaced in the US and is a pressing concern? nnFunnily enough, I see many more Democrats/progressives making the point that whites as a percentage are becoming the minority and that Republicans should feel concern over such because they will not ever win an election once that occurs.
Um that says more about the Republican party my dude.nnThink deeply.about what you just typed.
Its definitely a misleading headline. I do not think you can argue its not misleading.
Like I said, it would have been better if the headline reflected the actual action, but the way the English language works, the headline should not be interpreted as a quote. It also could have been written more clearly asnnArizona Governor Said, Id Rather Have Her Wendy Rogers a White Nationalist in State Legislature than a DemocratnnBut then you are left wondering what part of how the English language works do people not understand more, the brackets, or the way they wrote it originally?nnAnd really, all that is being argued here is how loud did he say the quiet part. He knows she is a white nationalist. He gave her 500k in support. He did that because he would rather have a white nationalist than a Democrat.
Agreed that headline writing is tough, but if you showed this to 100 people, more than 50 would probably assume it was said explicitly. This is unfortunately a widespread problem, but its also fair to complain about it - ideally the media would do better.nnI do not know what the solution is - maybe make headlines reportable to a body like the FCC, who can do surveys to see if most people misunderstand? And levy fines for misleading ones?
Fuck that. You're suggesting media companies pay a fine if people are too stupid to understand when a headline isn't a direct quote? That's a ridiculous idea.
That Is one way to look at it - but you could also see it as media companies being too dumb or too cynical to make a headline that people actually understandnnIm liking the idea more and more. If the average person misunderstands what you wrote, its YOU that fucked up.
u201cThink of how stupid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are stupider than that.u201d()nnIt's not on media companies to dumb down their headlines just because American education has failed so many.
I did not say dumb down, just stop relying on technicalities that get in the way of people understanding your message. This will probably mean making headlines longer, but that is a price I Am willing to pay.nnAnd/or, fix education.
Read the article. Twice the governer said that the racist piece of crap is better than her opponent. The article then goes on to point out that the person the governor contributed 500K to, is a member of the far right Oath Keepers, believes in the Big lie, and espouses racist white replacement theories.nnI know you are trying to make it seem like the title is misleading. And often times that is the case. But not this time. The guy clearly said a racist piece of crap is better.
That Is not what he said. nnWhat I need as a governor are governing majorities so that I can pass dollars into our social safety net so we can provide programs like this that will help children from all over our stateu2026 and so we can pass budgets that will put 8.6, 8.7 billion additional dollars into K-12 education,u201d Ducey claimed. u201cSo that's what I've wanted to do, is move my agenda forward. I'm proud of what we've been able to accomplish, and Rogers is still better than her opponent, Felicia French.
Rolling Stones website has been a nightmare for as long as I Have been using the internet.
These titles are such click bait
What Is click bait about it?
It reads like he explicitly said that when he didn't. Sensationalized headline for clicks.
Explicitly or implicitly, they basically said it, and you know it. Stop defending anti-American racists, OK?
Eat it. I was referring to the title being misleading. I'm sure he's dirtbag.
All politicians are including (drum roll) AOC ud83dude2f . Fuck them all.nnAnd I Am a big fan of Andrew Yang, but still a politician at the end of the day.
nthey basically said itnnWhich is the same thing as not saying it.
What he actually said was, Rogers is still better than her opponent, Felicia French. nnNow, Rogers supports white nationalists and French is a Democrat, but Ducey did not say he would prefer a white nationalist over a Democrat just that he prefers Rogers over French.nnIts semantics, but they are not exactly the same thing.
No? nnIs saying that you dislike Candace Owens but like Rachel Maddow the same as saying you prefer white journalists over black journalists?
Candace Owens is not a journalist though
That's my mistake. I don't follow her. I just knew she was a black Republican that people dislike.nnMy point stands. Just because you prefer individuals doesn't mean that all of their qualities are inherently more desirable than their opponents.
True, but there has to be a limit. A candidate does not have the same tax plan as me, that is fine.nnBut someone likes and support white nationalist, then straight nope and they do not belong in a public office.
So he says he prefers the person who is a white nationalist over a Democrat and you really want to pretend he did not say he prefers a white nationalists over a Democrat? Its not semantics, its you sticking your head in the sand
Blah blah blah whatever the case, people who follow white nationalism have no place in American politics, and the sane respectable response should have been for the governor to ask her to drop out of the race, regardless of her qualifications or how well he thinks she would fit the seat
The headline does not have quotes. Therefore, the statement is true.
u2026I'd rather have a militant racist holding a lawmaking government positionu2026than my political rival. nnIf you agree with this you aren't an American or a patriot.
And that is why he deserves to be strung up.
Got To love the impact all those nazis given asylum after ww2 had on the GOP....
The US had no need to import white supremacists when we had so many home grown ones
This dude gives off potent small dick energy.
I mean... since when is this a surprise. This is the republican party in a nutshell. Not sure why anyone is surprised.
Why do they keep saying the quiet part loud?
He IS a white nationalist, all these fuckers are.
They're just saying the quiet part out loud now
Well, one is racist against non white people and then other racist against white people so...
I Have always known that Republicans would be fine rubbing elbows with KKK members if it got them elected. I kind of figured that by now, decades later, things would have changed for the better, but I Am not surprised they have not.
A Republican being racistu2026 shockeru2026
Click bait title. No one even said the phrase white nationalist people are twisting this when the dude clearly is saying a republicans policies is better than a democrats. Maybe the title is true but very misleading.
And I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona. Fuck that prick.
Just go for a walk after 7pm for a few nights and you'll get your wish ud83dude02 have fun in that shit hole hahaha
Birmingham alabama and St louis missouri are the most dangerous cities in America. Chicago is number 31( which is actually really high all things considered) I do not think there are many californian cities on that listnnAnyway NEVER will I go to either of those cities, highest murder and violent crime rating in the country for the past 20 years.
Oh America. Everyone keeps lowering their expectations and you still surprise everyone.
I thought that was pretty obvious stance on their side
I know I'll be attacked for asking, but take away the racial aspect of this, but why is someone being a nationalist bad? nnDoesn't that mean we want a strong country that doesn't outsource jobs and manufacturing to countries who allow for lower pay leaving jobs behind? nnI thought wanting a strong country with jobs here is a good thing, is that racist now? Jobs in America would help all people, regardless of color, right?nnGlobalism has hurt the poor and underprivileged more than the rich, so why is wanting a strong nation bad?nnAm I missing the point here?
White nationalism and nationalism are not the same. You can't shave off the white part without changing the meaning.
Am I missing the point here?nnThe issue with Nationalism, in general, is that it focuses on made up lines on a map to dictate policies, and that just does not work. Also, make it as politically correct as you want, but its an ideology that is suspiciously only popular with white folks, more specifically white dudes (not unlike libertarianism) which is a huge red flag for minorities.nnWant to stop companies from putting jobs overseas? Make it hurt for them to do so. Use globalism to your advantage by working with other countries so companies are not running away to tax havens and cheaper labor.nnWant to actually help the poor and underprivileged? Incentivize and subsidize small businesses more, and improve anti-trust laws to kill monopolies. Maybe also improve social safety nets, workers rights, and benefits so they do not have to work themselves to death.
Yeah, no. Fuck Doug the Slug, but Rolling Stone should be embarrassed by this kind of journalism. There is nothing in this article where Ducey states he would prefer a white supremacist to a Democrat.
Lol it's in the first line in the article. He's promoting Wendy Rogers who apparently has been having white nationalists at her rallies.nnnIt's right there dude
Yeah, its right there saying he prefers the Republican to the Democrat. That headline is utter garbage. Dude.
Who is a white nationalist. The article is 100% correct
He'd rather have someone proud of their culture rather than a white guilt Democrat who wants to hand over all power to people of color as an apology for slavery when it was Africans who sold the US the slaves.nnI'm sorry where is the thing he said wrong? Doesn't appear to be wrong at all
found the white supremacist. And before you start bitching that you are not a white supremacist , those ideas that you have there are white supremacist talking points. Also white is not a culture.
Since I'm not white I'll let you apologize since I know you are white by how aggressive and entitled to attack people you feel. Also I know you're an older white guy as well.nnAlso white is a culture. Just like black people have culture and Asian culture. There may be variety within that culture that has different traditions from one another but they Are all from generally the same place. nnI would appreciate if you would apologize for your lack of educational comment that is based 100% on preconceived notions and just privileged way of talking.
I Am sorry you are a dick. Regards, old white guy.
Since I'm not white that makes you a racist
Jesus stick with the conversation, you called me an old white guy, I responded with you are correct I am a (old) white guy. I Am not calling you white you half eaten cheese sandwich.nnEdit you know all white supremacists are white right ? Its an ideology.
So republican over democrat lol
He didn't say that at all smhnnFuckin clickbait y'all believe anything
Let me translate for you.nnArizona Governor Pays 500k to Have a White Nationalist in State Legislature Rather than a Democrat
There's a video in the link
Too much logic for them to handle.
We believe the earth is round, vaccines are effective, evolution is real, 112, etc.
Yet some belief asshole who make millions out of information just like the pseudo Christians who ask old ladies and the poor to send them money so he can spend it on a jet to spread the word of the lord. Sure he can be as humble and use the word of the lord in honesty or milk millions in the name of the lord to by mansions and yachts while getting tax cuts and spreading false messages.
I Am just going to leave this here.nnnseu00b7manu00b7ticsn/su0259u02c8man(t)iks/nnNounnthe branch of linguistics and logic concerned with meaning. There are a number of branches and subbranches of semantics, including formal semantics, which studies the logical aspects of meaning, such as sense, reference, implication, and logical form, lexical semantics, which studies word meanings and word relations, and conceptual semantics, which studies the cognitive structure of meaning.nnthe meaning of a word, phrase, sentence, or text.
I think the translator has confused the chat bubble and the inner monologue.
America has become so feckless in the world due to this pathetic posturing. If the US was a person and took a shit the right and left hand would be incapable of wiping its own ass. Divide and conquer today Ukraine going forward the old USSR down the the road the EU and then the US of A it's the ultimate goal. I learned this from the cartoon Under Dog there is always a Simon Bar Sinister with one goal, Total World Domination.
What a joke of an article ud83eudd23
They don't realize the article isn't quoting him because they never look up sources.
excuse me... I Am not excusing him at all he is a piece of crap... BUT that is not what he SAID.... he implied that, but he did not say that.nnRolling Stone, this is crap reporting, and would be corrected.
I Am not excusing him at all he is a piece of crap... BUT that is not what he SAID.... he implied that, but he did not say that.nnThats why quotation marks were not used.
He said he would rather have Wendy Rogers, and Rogers is a white nationalist.
Your Honor I only implied that I was threatening to murder him, I did not threaten to murder him.
lol its rolling stone what do you expect
Except if you watch the video, that is not what he said.nnHe said she was better than her opponent for his needs.
Hmm, wonder why a white nationalist would align with his needs....
nHe said she was better than her opponent for his needs.nnAnd hes a... ? nnHint Rhymes with Spite Fationalist.
And this is what is wrong with our politics.nnThe headline makes it sound like he likes the person elected more than all democrats. He did not say that. He said he likes her more than the democrat that was defeated.nnAll you woke people are just upset when someone is not bending over to the liberals and expressing white guilt when there is no reason to feel guilty.nnIm a black man and I Am tired of this woke BS and everyone who is not in my party is a nazi/white nationalist/etc
What do you know about Wendy Rogers? Have you looked into her views?
That she was on a show where the host (not her) has radical views. And she recognizes that the great Robert E. Lee was a brave general.nnThat does not equate to being a white nationalist. That Is a lot better than the squad and who they support.
I mean, she is said that she is a fan of Nick Fuentes, who is a white nationalist and Holocaust denier. Went so far to say that receiving a compliment from him was like receiving a knighthood. Told her supporters to listen to him because he exposes the truth.nnBut even then, would you willingly go on a show with a host who is a known white nationalist like she did?nnDid you really just say that the Squad is worse than a known white nationalist, though? Can you explain how you came to that conclusion?
Yes. The Squad supports muslim terrorists.
Title is a lie but Reddit won't care. Get out your pitch forks kids.
I'm proud of what we've been able to accomplish, and Rogers is still better than her opponent, Felicia French.u201dnnWhen Duda asked him to elaborate on this last point, Ducey reiterated that Rogers u201cis betteru201d than French, the Democrat whom she defeated in 2020.nnId love for you to explain which part is a lie.
I do not even understand this level of stupid.
Its not a lie though so...
I know they need to say that kind of crap to win the primary (or avoid one) but please tell me it hurts them in the general.
I Am pretty gobsmacked that the GQP has evolved to the point where they think this sort of posturing and rhetoric helps them win enough votes to do anything. They Will win votes, for sure, but I Am just surprised that people think this sort of toxic politicking will win them elections.
So he's just openly racist now? How is this fucking acceptable in 2022. Like ffs enough is enough
Not a peep from Republicans over this.
Yeah, we know. You're the Governor of Ala-fuckin-bama.
He would rather have morons
With a comment that ignorant, one would think u2026 blond hair, blue eyes, aquiline nose, squared jawline, very pale skin, huh?
I mean he's governor so That kind of prooves that
u201cWhy would I be upset she keeps my voting base happy?u201d
He's talking about himself, isn't he?
United States of America is a weird country
He's just lonely. Wants company. Someone to talk to who sees the world in the same sick way he does.
So is he running for the seat?
Did anyone think to ask him why?
So better Russian then Democrat is now better Nazi then Democrat? What Is next?
Feels like they already do.
And I'd rather have a mature adult than an adult manchild but mother always said beggars can't be choosers.
That Is a real leap for him to make there. He could have just said I want a nazi in state legislature.
F'n ice cream salesman. He's out soon and the GOP loses yet another state - adious ice cream dude
He wasn't by any chance referring to himself, was he ?
We really are living in the darkest timeline.
They have always believed the ends justified the means.
Wellu2026 then he is a white Nationalistu2026
If you are republican still at this point.....chances are you are a white nationalist.
AZ can decide if it is a state that cares to not be viewed as a home for racists.
when people tell you what they believe, you should listen to what they are saying.
I guess boring republicans are overrated now.
We already have that... There are many white nationalists in Congress already.
Shocking.... if it was 8 years ago.
They constantly cry about being called racists and then say this.
Every day, the republicans give us more evidence that they are nazis.
Yeah that's a disgusting viewpoint to have. What a trash statement.
Dog whistles turning into megaphones.
WHAT A DOUCHE Signed a pissed off Arizona voter.
Duh? This is the same party that said they needed to vote for the accused child molester in Alabama because even though they said they believed the accusers they really wanted their tax cuts and judges.
Of course he would, Republicans have a lot more in common with Nazis than Democrats. Seems like a weird flex, though. Kind of like bragging about being buddies with a serial killer.
Republicans embrace the KKK and neo nazis. Why do you think they all love the confederate flag? AKA traitors and racists symbol of tyranny and slavery. Cowards
I thought we already knew this about republicans.
Yeah no shit because the GOP are all white nationalist
its because the white nationalist is the republican's target demographic
He didn't even try to deny itu2026
People really need to go out and vote. This is a disgrace.
Well, there we have it, AGAIN. The GOP telling the world openly who they are, ready for that civil war yet, America?
And so would his racist base.
I hope AZ goes completely Blue AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
Birds of a feather flock together.
I bet the racist would lol
Yea, we know what you are. Just saying the quiet part out loud.
The quiet part is being said out loud. Cannot wait to hear him cry when the consequences of those words catch up to him. People will not forget.
He is the white nationalist
Well, yeah. That Is the problem we have been pointing out.
God damn it Arizona why is it that every single time I see us making the news it's for horse shit like this? - fucking waste of a state I swear at times.
Isn't that like the governor saying u201cI'd rather have a member of the GOP than a democrat?u201d
He will most likely get one,the odds are in his favor
As one does if they're a Fascist Ultra Conservative Know-nothing White Isolationist Tool.
We knew that already, you are a registered Republican.
They are slowly outing themselves and at the same time showing what was the playbook all along. nnDrop the hoods and get into the government where you can do the most harm while staying within the law
These idiots. How did they get so brainwashed that they think democrats are so evil? I've heard people in my damn grocery store saying things like pelosi is the biggest enemy to America and it's just nuts.
This guy looks like he belongs in the game u201cDestroy All Humansu201d.
White nationalist likes white nationalists. News at 11.
You already have at least one
Of course it's a man that looks like a thumb saying that shit
u201cwell of course i would, that's meu201d- Arizona governor.
They Have gotten bolder with their public admissions of racism, eh?
He looks like the kind of dude that would say that. nnHe also looks like the kind of dude I cringe at every time he opens his mouth at my bar.
Republicans have gone full fascist nutbag.
Hey buddy, uh, you are saying the quiet part out loud.
Ah, good ol' governor Doug Douchebag or as I called him during the early weeks of the pandemic, Doug Doesntdoanything
As an Arizona resident, Id rather have a pickle that fell off a sandwich onto the side of the road, that is been sitting there for a couple weeks be my governor than this guy. Id rather eat that pickle too than eat from his fucking ice cream shops.
It's like they've forgotten how inflammatory what they're saying actually is. They're all just crawling over each other to be the most indignant of the racists.
This guy looks like Sacha Baron Cohen version of himself.
So the governor of Arizona is Nazi. He should move to Russia.
Saying what every GOP and moderate Dem is saying in codes right now. nnWhen they attack woke bullshit this is what they mean.
Makes my head spin I'm tired of it
How do people this stupid get elected to lead? In my world he would not be allowed to run an ice cream stand. No offense meant to ice cream vendors as I love ice cream.
Mr. Dushie has just joined hands with MTG, DeSatans, Abjunk and the rest of the u201cFamilyu201d in Helter-skelter I'm waiting for the swastika to be tattooed on his forehead along with the rest of them
Have the Republicans grown the white power moment enough for their soldiers to make a sudden move en mass to a sparsely populated area and officially and openly vote themselves a Representative or Senator into office? nnI'm just waiting for that day.
Oooh but I thought Democrats were the racists? Did Not you guys free the slaves? Seems like a strange departure to admit say that Democrats are not being racist by offering social services?
I believe that. u2026and he's a total sht head too. Do you believe THAT?
Probably already on the phone with this lover Putin discussing how they can prop Trump up.
Seems hes alienated about 46% of his constituents who are not white. Assuming at least 30% of the whites are NOT white supremacists, the GOPerGov may be looking for a job come election time.
he is not up again. but do not worry, kari lake wants to be gov. She is more batshit than MTG.
Dude's face looks like one of those hotdogs left for too long at a 7-11
I'm proud of what we've been able to accomplish, and Rogers is still better than her opponent, Felicia French. - AZ Gov. Doug Ducey (R)nnGOP Sen. Wendy Rogers defends her promotion of racist u2018great replacement' ideology()nnArizona State Senator-elect Wendy Rogers praises Robert E Lee()nnArizona state senator touts appearance on network that warned against u2018Jewish tyrants'()
And I would rather have a dog in the Legislature than a White Nationalist.
They are yelling the quiet parts now. Because they know they manipulate the broken systems to stay in power. And YOU.S does nothing to punish these assholes.
So AZ has a governor that would promote the overthrow of the Constitution and the government of the US. Isn't he in violation of his oath of office?
Of course he would. Just look at him.
Maybe he should go visit Ukraine tomorrow.
Yeah, that seems about right.
And this is a moderate member of the AZ GOP. He was censured by the very people he is now claiming to support. Mostly for not going anti-vax/mask enough for the crazies running the state party. Basically, he is spineless. Not strong and to speak the truth to the locals, but still quietly advocating vaccines. Rumors are that he has hopes of higher office. I guess that is why he is kissing up to the fringe members of the state leadership. Remember, this is the state of the selective vote recount, and paul gossar.
Right because we want to be authoritarian and not have to answer to the people. We find it better not having to answer to anyone, ever.
Why are republicans turning into actual nazis?
Pretty sure we already knew which side he was with
Government officials and others, calling for what is essentially an overthrow of a duly elected democratic government, should be corralled, and put on trial for inciting treason, and deemed a threat to national security. These white, GOP, Putin advocates have had freedom for so long, they seem quite willing to turn over their rights to a tyrannical form of governance. Fools are they not?
Why pander to a base that hates you Ducey? Now both sides hate you, well done.
Not for nothingu2026 these a-holes keep getting re-electedu2026 so the question is, what white nationalists keep electing him???
I mean yeah that is the usual position of southern republicansu2026
Does not matter which party was which during the Civil War . What matters that all of us have evolved and now recognize these statures and monuments celebrating the Confederacy no longer present informed representations of our history.
Pretty sure all republicans do, that's why they vote Republican no matter the amount of sexual assault allegations a candidate has. To them being a democrat means being worse than scum
Can we please just start calling these people communists or facists to their faces? This is LITERALLY how Hitler turned a nation against itself. So fucking sick of this crap.
That's not really a surprise. The coup continues.
30 years later, still the same in Arizona()
More and more this would seem to be the options
u201cMe. I'm talking about myself.u201d
Mask off for the republicans.
u201cBetter Hitler than Leon Blumu201d
And Id rather have a monkey than a Republican representing me.
What the fuck? Arizonau2026 cmon
And this came as a surprise to absolutely fucking no one.
No surprise there. Is this even news worthy when talking about any republican?
u201cOf course I know him. He's me.u201d
Saying the quiet ud83eudd2b part outloudu2026.. we know.
They call these guy authoritarians. They hate democracy
He speaks from his own dark heart and soul
Hah look at dis dude
For those of you who do not know.... the Nazi party are also referred to as White Nationalists
Of course he would. We already knew that. I guess its progress that he is saying on the outside now...
Republican governors with the exception of a couple of east coast Republican governors are a pile of feces piled feces
Honestly, who is surprised to hear this?
Have him live as a peasant under such a regime and ask him again after a while.
Don't ever forget you have a literal nazi in office
That Is because he is one
What is it with the southern US? Heat stroke?
I'd rather have a well trained canine than him. What's the point?
Only a white nationalist would be ok with this.
I thought americans had spines... and dealt hard and harshly with garbage like this.
We should take him at his word.
Saying the quiet part out loud.
Love it when the internet bashes my govnah
Hey guys remember when he was apparently smart enough to not cede to Trumps election conspiracy theories?nnTurns out it was an act.
Looks like a dock with ears
The fascist states of shitmerica.
I wonder why that isu2026
So he does not believe in democracy, got it.
Of course he would. Excluding white nationalists would not leave many republican options
Plot twist he is the white nationalist
Arizona Governor is a dumbass.
Screaming that quiet part out loud, I see.
Well, yeah. He's a white nationalistu2026
I mean, it's not like it's a minus having a white nationalist around for these guysu2026
He looks like he's drugged and raped a few girls in his day
He said the quiet part out loud.
So, the Arizona Governer is a Nazi, got it.nnNazi Sympathizers are just as bad as Nazis themselves.
Apparently, he continues to been in denial that hes a white racist, oops, I meant nationalist. Their code word for racist is nationalist.
I Have been saying this for years. So many ppl just vote their party down the ticket because what are you going to do, vote for the other team?
you most likely already do have white nationalists in state legislature, and I will bet anything on them not being democrats
Well he is a white supremacists governor, they stick to their kind
He looks like one lol
So a Republican in office then?
I'm sorry, where is the surprising bit?
They're not even trying to hide it anymore
From the same party that believes in and prays to a magical being who lives in the sky
I think that is pretty apparent
What an absolutely feckless coward.
I mean, that is the other option in our two party system.
America is very close to be the next country with a nazi government.nnI think the world will change the next years dramatically. The people who never lived without democracy and rule of law, think it will be better to live without and make decisions they never get back without giving a lot of blood.nnA autocratic ruler comes fast but do not go easely.
Of course he would. He's a piece of trash.
America is practically a two party system, so did he just call Republicans White nationalists?
Well, that is kind of what he is. So, of course he would.
Considering he was the CEO of Cold Stone Creamery, I'm not surprised that vanilla is his favorite flavor.
u201cHmm that Russia Nationalist shit looks like fun. How do we do that?u201dnn-This guy probably
Did anyone ask him to explain why ?
WE KNOW. That Is been clear for a long time.nnWhat can be done about it?
When they say trends swing round again every few decades, it's supposed to mean she will suits and chunky glasses. Not Nazis.
Its amazing how they all just say the quiet part out loud these days is not it?
As a life long Arizonanu2026 YUCK
I have to admit. American politics look fucking petty right now when you look at what is going on in Europe. Bunch of little kids crying at a backyard sandbox.
That's not what he said at all. lol
u201cWait this isn't my dogwhistle, it's my regular whistler. Oh well better blow it louderu201d
At what point do Republicans stop and ask themselves are we the baddies? when they have got elected officials saying this.nnCome on down to the Grand Old Party where racists, bigots, traitors, pedophiles, sexists, and any piece of shit is welcome so long as you are white.
And no one is shocked
I guess the guv knows what we would rather have than the current AZ governor. Wonder who will get their wish first?
And I, would rather have a woman.
I'd rather there not be a White Suicide Epidemic but here we are.
Lucky for him there is already 47 white nationalists in the Arizona State Legislature
Is that because the white nationalist would be in his party?
Judging from how he looks, he's just saying he'd prefer his closest friends be in state legislature than anyone else.
The Republican Party just gave a standing ovation to a speech that advocated doing away with the US Department of Education.
Okay I have to admit, this headline is a little clickbaitey and gaslighting.
Sou2026 a Republican then? What else is new?
Is your country actually real?
Republican says he would rather have a republican state legislature. Real breaking news this is.
Dude would look very fitting with a toothbrush mustache.
What a racist asshole who hates more than fifty percent of the world. Fuck this guy.
Seems like Arizona state legislator already does
Like yeah dude we know. Its kind of the Republican party at this point
Doug Ducey is a communist.. pass it on.
What if it's a white nationalist democrat
Of course, why would not he want like minded individuals and not those opposed to his agenda...
How does the rest of Arizona feel about having white supremacists running the state? I hope he gets voted out so hard that they laugh at the ex-governor for the next 20 years
Of course he does. Its his people. Fucking asshat. Russia successfully infiltrated America that he had a president let him roam free and completely tore America apart from the inside.
Finally, Republicans are starting to just be honest with themselves. That Is the first step needed to fix the problem.
Well who would of guessedu2026.
We all knew the old coldstone CEO was a very cold man. Maybe why individuals such as himself should stay out of politics. He only knows about what motivates him money.
and this is the point in which government officials elected to uphold democracy advocating for domestic terrorists over people from outside their part being in power should be removed.
Well yeah were a two party system, if you did not want a Democrat your choices are limited.
A Republican finally speaking honestly.
When they out and out tell you they have no morals, believe them.
So would a large chunk of this country unfortunately
Okay sir go off then.
Has he not seen his own states voting records for the past 4 years? Its been blue and has been becoming this way for a while, what a great way to hinder his reelection chances. Republicans were going to vote for this guy regardless but people who consider themselves moderate do not like particularly prefer white nationalists over Democrats so ud83eudd37u200du2640ufe0f
At least he's honest. That is rare in politics.
They said the quiet part out loud
They have not been quiet for a while. Americans are openly and proudly racist now. If anyone had any doubts about Americas vile racist culture, they have erased them.
Honey, we know that already
It seems like AZ has always had problems electing the out in the open racist rednecks like this loser and the 1 year governor Mecham. nnI used to love AZ and Phoenix but all of the underachieving midwestern snowbirds have made it more of political shithole than Texas. Not to mention the recent BS with them trying to shut down schools.
Oh well, the nuts do not fall far from the tree. Someone let the Fruit Loops out of the box.
Traitor to the American people says he prefers traitors.
Easy for him to sayu2026he's white.
Oh, so you're saying you're a white nationalist?
Is it wrong to be a white nationalist? As long as u're not a white supremacist or something like that.
Steve douchey ladies and gentlemen, a southwest treasure.
Wellu2026 those are the two choices
Doug Stanhope on Nationalism(). It's all dead peoples baggage, quit carrying it.
This is like saying we'd rather a tankie than a republican
Arizona, come get your Governor. He's a mess.
This guy has a face sorely in need of a redacted.
So he can go, naturally
Of course he would. He's white.
A view as American anything else (see Manifest Destiny)
America is the most racist country on earth.
Not surprising. A Republican would rather have a Republican in office.
I want all of these motherfuckers to die.
Did he miss where he was supposed to say this implicitly and not just out loud.
When will the madness stop? I'm sick of this facism alreadyu2026 anyone out there care to do away with these facist politicians
When you're trying to make democrats look bad, but just make yourself look worse instead.
If anyone feels that a white nationalist is more reasonable than someone like AOC I find that really says a lot about their views of society.
So much for Douchey being one of the sane Republikkkans.
TLDR he actually never says this.
This is why nobody respects the US - Its a banana republic
And no one is surprised
Doug Ducey has always and will always be a spineless fool. He has never once made a decision in his entire time as Governor that people have liked. Both republicans and democrats hate him and he will go down in history as a literal baby man
The title is very misleading.
What a stupid mother fucker. I bet he also supports Putin too. FUCKHEAD. He is an embarrassment to our state.
Only thing weird about this is him telling the truth.
GOP Saying the quiet parts out loud since 2016
How refreshing to have an openly bigoted person for au2026 oh wait, Trump already did that.
When will the crazy end?? What the actual fuck is wrong with some people?????
I know this is not a radical space but this needs to be said. This not-hyperbole nazi shit.nGet fit. Get armed. Get organized. They will come for you if you are not the in group. Even if the government, the police, the military back them, making it hurt is better than nothing at worst, and at best it may deter.
And that is what people of colour have been saying about GOP members and supporters.
I Am sure alot of people would rather have a communist than a republican. Stupid Party principal mentality
You know, he could've just taken his racist card and duck tapped it to his head u2026 but no
u201cI'd rather have a White Nationalistu201d Said the White Nationalists, to the other White Nationalists.
When they say the quiet part out loud.
If he just expanded it to u201ctraitorous white nationalistu201d we'd at least congratulate him on being clear eyed and honest. Why stop at half measures now?
This makes it look like all of Arizona is filled with white nationalists. Has Biden made any comment on this? Any word from actual Arizonans about this?
Fuck Governor Ice Cream. nn&nnGuy has been a piece of shit since day one.
And there it is, out in the open.nnIts always been true, but now they are feeling emboldened to go long with this play.
He Would rather keep having a white nationalistnnFtfy
You could call this saying the quiet part out loud, which is fair.nnId say this is inevitable when a sizable portion of the American right wing believes that the literal devil is behind most democratic politicians.
The Republicans party has sunk to a new low.
Well, I mean... Is anyone surprised they want their own kind elected?nnAll kidding aside... This kind of rhetoric is dangerous.
The shitty thing? Hes definitely going to give Mark Kelly a very, very challenging race.
Was thinking of going there for vacation. Fuck him. Unfortunately Florida and now Arizona are off the list for my hard earned money. I know it's peanuts but it's a start.
That Is Nazi best thing to say.
KKK was never popular and I hope it never will be
Tell us something we did not already know. goes blind from eyeroll
Yeah, we know. That Is why were trying to get rid of you.
Because hes a White Nationalist.. Its not hard to connect the dots with these bigots/racists/sexiists/xenophobic douchebags.. All they have is hatred. That Is their only platform to stand on. Be better than than them... And that is not a large ask.
These current, republiCONS are straight up terrorists.
Fuck Doug Ducey - the dumbass couldn't even run a successful ice cream business in one of the hottest states in US.
Republicans wants all of America to be white supremacyu2026.that's why they love confederate loving Trump and wants Trump to be u2026THE DICTATOR OF AMERICAu2026.so Trump can put whites only signs in placeu2026.AGAINu2026.in America u2026.Making America Great u2026.AGAINu2026..
They were not really trying to hide it before, but now... they just openly say the quiet part out loud.
What about a white nationalist democrat?
Fuck Republicans. I'm so over this far right shit. NEWS FLASH THE MAJORITY OF WHITE PEOPLE FIND THIS REPUGNANT.
u201cGovernor says he'd rather be in state legislature than someone elseu201d nnDuh?
Looking at you Arizona, you elected this guy
The Republicans are white nationalists and they are finally publicly rejecting democracy
Pretty sure this guy is prequel memeimg at this point.nOf course I know a white nationalist Id rather see in power, hes me
Ah because hes a white nationalist as well?
Imagine thinking that democrats won't fund schools
That Is an odd way of saying domestic terrorist
Subtly implying there would be no white supremacists in the Dem party
When you say the quiet part out loud.
Got To have priorities I suppose
It is incredible what disinformation has done to these people that they can hate their fellow Americans so thoroughly.
But they are totally not racist
If you haven't read it, check out A Safeway in Arizona What the Gabrielle Giffords Shooting Tells Us About the Grand Canyon State and Life in America (2011). That state has lots of major problems.
Well, I Am sure they already have several of those in office in Arizona.
I could've told you that
Is this supposed to be a revelation? Everyone already knows this.
Trump opened this Pandora box- now it is totally OK to speak this kind of shxt out publicly without any repercussion. He did not achieve this single-handedly though, corporate greed and religious right helped him all the way.
And the sad part is that his constituents will blindly agree with him 100% instead of realizing what he said is fucking insane
Wow that is so surprising Who would have thought a white national would support a white nationalist before anyone else?
So he'd rather have a white nationalist in the state legislature instead of an American patriotu2026nnHmmu2026.Rightu2026.Got itu2026..
if this is not enough to get removed from our government, than please tell me, what is?
These f-ing people are nuts. Can't believe somebody like that holds office, and supposedly represents the people. Puh - leeze
I like to see my friends do well in life too.
Yeah, we're totally not a racist countryu2026wtf, terrible.
I mean, duh. He Would rather have a legislature he agrees with. No surprises there.
Everyone likes to work with their friends.
Takes one to know one
No one should be surprised to hear the white nationalist would rather have a white nationalist in state legislature than one of his opponents.
Yeah, we know, dude. We know.
I love my state but ffs.
I read this and my internal monologue was just like ...we know. Everybody knows. This is why people do not like republicans, thank you for being so concise
ud83eudd14Aw, he must be missing trump againud83eudd17
u201cWell of course I know him, he's meu201d
Well he's gotten his wish.
Sounds like something a white nationalist would say.
Of course he would, they are the party of White Nationalism.
Arizona Governor says hes a nazi.
The Republicans have been saying the quiet part loud a lot more often, lately...
u201cMan wants friend in congressu201d
Id rather have a dead cat than Douchey for my governor. Thankfully hes not eligible for re-election and we will be rid of him soon
As ridiculous as this is..its also terrifying. Hes the FUCKING govenor of a state saying this shit... what in the actual fuck
This is why we can't have nice things.
Progressives tend to agree, which is why they have given up in things like universal healthcare or raising the minimum wage and instead have taken to attacking the most pro-union president in 3 decades relentlessly non stop.nnForgiving all student loan debt polls at 19% among Americans by the way.
Why wouldn't you want your friend in power ?
In other news, there is 100% chance the sun will rise tomorrow.
Well of course he would, at least he would agree with the white nationalist.
A bigot advocating genocide or someone who disagrees with my tax policy. Hmm, tough one.
I never knew this much ignorant stupidity could exist. I mean the people in this thread and OP. Any lie or twist to fuel your u201cwokeness.u201d
Look I'm no lover of the governor here, but listen to the snippet, it's not like he's goosestepping his way to Pheonix, it's just a basic partisan response. He said he wants to back is K-12 education spending and that someone who supports his agenda is someone he wants. nnDoes this make him generous or her mot morally reprehensible, no. It just makes the situation more complicated than the headline makes it seem
Sounds to me like there already is a White Nationalist in the State Legislature.
Duh. Birds of a featheru2026
Another clownu2026.will these people ever give up
What an Ass Please VOTE
So he would like a republican then?
White nationalist is not a slight to someone like Doug Ducey. Get it through your heads, Dems.
I'd rather have a rock then anyone like him.
Christian nationalism is the biggest threat to the USA today, so many parallels to Nazi Germany
Makes sense. There's nobody more stupid than a democrat. They're more racist than they are stupid.
Hey, republicans discovered honesty. Amazing.
Ah, Arizona. The west coasts very own Florida.
That goes without saying. He is a Republican, after all.
Of course this d-bag doesu2026 That Is because he is a white nationalist
Arizona Governor Says He Would Rather Have a White Nationalist NAZI in State Legislature than a DemocratnnFTFY
One must consider the greatness of a policy agenda that can only pass with the support of white nationalists. Ducey has made his bed, and now he will have to sleep with the nasty bugs that infest it.
What he means is he'd rather have a Republican in State Legislature than a Democrat.
What he means is he'd rather have a republican.
In other breaking news, the sky is blue.
What I need as a governor are governing majorities so that I can pass dollars into our social safety net so we can provide programs like this that will help children from all over our stateu2026 and so we can pass budgets that will put 8.6, 8.7 billion additional dollars into K-12 education,u201d Ducey claimed.nnIs he saying that Arizona Democrats object to this? Is it possible that there is something else in the budget they object to? (Rhetorical question for most, but Id like to hear a Conservative answer).
seriously... how the hell did we get here?
Reality TV and social media. I wish I was joking.
Ducey is a coward, Brewer was not much better either.
This is the mindset of the current Republican party and its voters but Democrats are to afraid of angering them to do anything and corporations do not really care as long as they can make money.
Uh huh.. so hes essentially saying her rather have Republicans than Dems in the legislature.nnThis is news?
The Right is downright terrifying now.
It's like he thought u201cwhat is the worst and stupidest thing I can say, right now?u2026..I got itu201d
it really does get worse every day
Omg we hate him so much
I mean so would most republicans..
Apartheid Arizona at it again
Every time some dumb shit like this gets said by someone in a position of power in America, a mob of citizens need to march into whatever building they are in and physically remove them from said position of power.nnEdit if to of
Yeah we know you would, asshole.
Well, goddamn they did it. They're going straight-Nazi, out of the closet. It's about time if you ask me. Let us know who you all really are. It's now or never time for Democracy in US.
they all work for putin. boycott the gop until 2028. they need to purge their enemy evils.
On this episode of When Tribalism goes Too far
Republicans are the fakest Americans I have ever seen. Anyone not exactly like them is a traitor. That's not what America is about. It's a fucking melting pot and has been since it started.
Clearly, he is less than trash.
Yeah sure, whp cares r/ukraine for actual news
How do you say you are a white nationalist without saying you are a white nationalist.
and they are saying ukraine is nazis? WTF
Doug thinks very highly of himself.
Wow. People like this need to get their citizenship revoked. You are not an American, never was, have no idea what basis this country was founded on.nnSend him to Putin land where he belongs.
I had a feeling this Arizona fucks were trash. We would be wise to annex their state and revoke their citizenship AS SOON AS POSSIBLE
What in the actual fuck?
How about a black nationalist?
Ofcoz because he is one
That Is some full mask off shit right there
Brainwashing. Thirty years later. We saw it start. No one thought anyone would fall for the crap being presented. They did. Fear does that, right FOX?
This isn't really news if we knew this all already
These are not the best Americans
Breaking news Republican values power over principle
Wow, just gunna come right out and say it huh? I was not expecting that.
That Is all the proof you need to know you are on the wrong side of the aisle.
Of course, he would. Arizona has some of the worst legislators right now. They are still doing 2020 recounts ever other week like the morons they are.
What the fuck is wrong with people for Chrissake??
That's not saying a lot. I bet you do.ud83dude44
We beat the white power idiotic Confederate States of America, we beat the white power Nazis of Germany. Centuries of white power losers still at it. Their ignorance is detrimental to America. Let Us send them back to their ancestral home countries just for fun.
u201cWell I may be a racist and a traitor, but at least I don't want to use any of your tax dollars to help you, like some filthy gay liberal.u201d
When did this country lose decency?
How.. Odd. nnnThese seemingly rather autistic, perpetual schoolboy, right wing people are genuinely nauseating.
oh look my states in the news an-nnoh my fucking god why is my state like this
I miss the days when racists and Nazis were something that people hated. Now half the country seems onboard. Sad.
People republicans support Putin, Nazis, white nationalists
I don't say this a lot about republicans but I believe him.
That means he's an enemy of the state.
Of course he would rather have a republican in state legislature
Is that one of those calls that converts into a hood?
Of course he would prefer a Republican to a Democrat
Ah Arizona proving their worth yet againu2026 /s
Uhm wtf this guy needs to go he is a sick man
Well, yesu2026 because he's a white nationalist.
To the surprise of absolutely no-one?
Who keeps voting these types of people in? This is nothing short of pathetic.
This guy just looks sketchy af
This is news? Of course this white nationalist fuck would want a white nationalist bud in office.
What if its a white nationalist that votes Democratic?
A white nationalist probably says the same thing.
Wtf? America, what is going on with you?
Of course he'd rather have a republican than a democrat.
Looks like his face is literally falling off. ALIENS
Awww Arizona, it that the best y'all can muster with your votes??
When is the next election for this guy, and is there a chance he can be voted out?nnI agree with another poster. Do Not even use White Nationalist....use straight up RACIST. He supports RACISM. This is not normal, vote his ass out.
u201cWhat I need as a governor are governing majorities so that I can pass dollars into our social safety net so we can provide programs like this that will help children from all over our stateu2026 and so we can pass budgets that will put 8.6, 8.7 billion additional dollars into K-12 education,u201d Ducey claimed. nnIs he being real? idk a thing about Ducey, but its rare that a Repub. talks about adding funds to social programs.
FKING Dumb ASS Ice cream maker a horror of of a human being
I'm stunned yet not surprised by thisu2026
Why are there so many assholes in my country?
He Would also rather have an uneducated population as well (AZ being the worst state for education). I think these two concepts go hand in hand.
Fascism needs to be eradicated from America.
Always saying the quiet parts out loud.
Well I Am sure his pressed White hood and sheet is probably hanging up in the closet. Jesus Christ of course he would rather have a white nationalist in the state legislations in a Democrat. This is exactly what the Dixiecrats of the South said in the 1960s as they left the Democratic party of Johnson and said fuck you were voting Republican. Civil rights cost the Democrats this but the Battle of course was worth it. That Is just an old dude regurgitating the old party line that probably 7 8 years ago you went dare say but after 4 years of the orange pumpkin and gallons and gallons of intravenous orange Kool-Aid, hes been reinvigorated to tell if the way his little brain sees it
I mean. Yeah. He ran for office?
Well obviously, a white nationalist is most likely going to vote the same as him on everything. And I do not think they see that as a bad thing, they just think white nationalist are smarter than democrats.
When have Republicans (since 1994) ever cared enough about white supremacists in the party to toss them out?
Arizona is full of nutbags and douchenozzles. This is one of them.
White Nationalist would rather have White Nationalist than not-White Nationalist.nnNot news.
Sounds redundant to me ud83eudd37u200du2642ufe0f
And there in lies the problem.
What is the goal of the u2018new' Republican Party?
Remember that time America began a mass demonization campaign of Communists. Maybe its time to start a mass demonization campaign of Fascists and white supremacists.
That's what we've been doing. But since the white supremacists are proud of being white supremacists, it has no effect when you call them that.
Ask him to define what those words means
Crazy this is where we are.
If only Reddits AutoModerator bots could unleash on Gov. Doug Douchey.
Of course he did ud83eudd28
The should be enough to oust him. It won't. But it should.
Special place for him in hell
serious question While I understand that there are white supremacists in the US, how are there so many? tens of millions?
Have you not studied American history?
Self proclaimed? Not many. People who is beliefs would fit right in at a white nationalist rally? Tens of millions.
Yeah we know. The people of Arizona apparently agree.
Weird how many commenters here (not necessarily people, since who knows how many bots swarm this sub) seem to lean on deliberate obtuseness when criticizing this.nnDumb caveat that needs to be attached to everything these daysnYeah yeah Rolling Stone, what a liberal rag whatever okaynnSo folks on the ass-end of the comments want to pretend that because the gov. did not specifically say Id rather have a white nationalist etc. that it exonerates him. Wendy Rogers is a white nationalist. You know it, I know it, Ducey knows it. So when he says he would rather have her than a democrat, he means he would rather have a white supremacist. Ta-da.
Bet he thinks he is a real Christian too.
According to the half of evangelicals they agree. Go to CCV or some other mega church. Its the conversations after the sermon that show the real people.
The things they'll say on the way out is insane
Fuck it, maybe Ill run for governor next election.nnI have zero experience, I hate talking in public, and I Am reluctant to make big decisions, but at least I Am not a Douche-y.
I live here for a while but I Am definitely out soon. Unless its Fallout New Vegas IRL then well you know the rest.
...I actually never got a chance to play anything in that series, so I do not know the rest, actually LOL. Is New Vegas a good first game, or would you recommend a different one? Will I need to learn lore for things to make sense like with Skyrim?
New Vegas is available on Steam and totally worth it. The platform will never die.
Tell me again how Republicans are the sane and intellectual party. I Have been hearing that parroted a lot lately, as irrelevant counter points usually, and I have a hunch it is not true.
Both are likely going to fuck it up.
Can we ship him to Russia.I believe he is needed there.
When you'd rather have a racist xenophobe in power, who will undoubtedly make decisions that will because serious problems for the population, than a member of the opposing part.
No not in Arizona? He wouldn't?
This is so shocking coming from a Republican. ud83dude44
And this is new to someone?
Arizona Governor is going to dye. Dye himself a color that can't be seen.
Someone get him out of there immediately
Yeah, duhh. They're his people
Empty vessels make the most noise.nnThis guy sounds like a marble rattling around in a tin can
At least he does not say all this shit we have to spend time debunking to prove what his ideology is.
Looks like there is already one in there..
These guys should be tried for Treason
Ppl like this should be drugged, blindfolded and thrown into a war with their own. Just to see how well that works for them. Hey, one is going now. There ya go pal
He's means he'd rather himself over a democrat
I'm shocked Shocked Wellu2026not that shocked
I bet the people who support him haven't considered how they would be impacted by another politician with the same partizan believe but from from a different political point of view. Power always changes hands. You live by the sword you die by the sword. ud83eudd19
Sounds like something a white nationalist would say...
They stopped trying to hide his racism at this point, do not they?
Wow what a scary thought.
Oh course he would, he would probably like the company. nnA cis white male stating hes not afraid or bothered by the presence of a white nationalist is like a short person stating they are not bothered by low doorways.
there was already one in the white house (or a conman playing one, same thing effectively), so no surprise here - the GOP stands for nothing
Wow, what a joke. He Would rather have an asshole in congress than someone he disagrees with...
Maybe HES in the wrong country. So sick of Americans believing and electing these people who want to degress 100 years.
Well, he would. Hes a fucked up human being and an ultra poor representative of the republican party. They just keep sinking lower, and their constituents love it. Sickening.
That Is like my conservative colleague stating he would rather live in a neighborhood of black republicans than white liberals.
Well, the trend seems to be indicating it will be one or the other..
My favorite sign on a Pennsylvania road There was no racism until Obama came to office.
Time for an Arizona recall election.
Those are the choices, yeah.
The guy is doing Putins bidding, destroying the YOU.S. from within.
Well duh, he's a Republican.
Well, Krysten Sinema will be available in a few yearsu2026
Really need to purge the GOP from government and block the individuals from ever holding power. They are obviously a domestic terror any more. They are siding with white nationalists and from what I Am seeing Putin himself. I hate what they are doing to this country.
Um, that's not a good look, dudeu2026
Of course, he wants his colleagues of the Republican party instead of Democrats. That's no surprise.
When they tell you who they are, believe them.
I guess he'd rather not have a job. Lmao what an easy reason to vote blue. These people are delusional.
These people think no one sees through them or they do not care what we see. Neo American Nazis
Yeah duh. That's been the Republican's main desire since the 1950's.
Again does this really surprise anyone. The only thing here is he is now on record so that when he runs for senate, this will be a commercial. Still probably doesn't make a difference along Trump lines.
They Are saying the quiet stuff out loud.
At some point people just need to realize there are others who can't think for themselves and need help understanding things. It's these people who are being taken advantage of. It's not that they are evil at heart, they are just stupid. If you are not one of these people then don't let things like this take your attention away from what really matters and devote yourself to understanding what's going on in Ukraine. Stay away from this divisive garbage, it is meant to distract you, no matter the side you stand on.
Does he not know Democrats are now going to boycott his shitty Coldstone Crapery.
So he enjoys digging his own grave ud83eudea6
Not enough radical democrats with guns ammirite
Republican would rather have a Republican in office. News at 11
Yea, we bet you would, fuckwad.
Well that is just not correct at all.
Fascist putin puppets are on the rise in this country, these creatures have zero morals and are 100% against their own oath of office and against the country their serving and against the people they are serving and only doing their best to further divide this country. These ppl are the face of evil and too stupid to know that this is All going to putins plan.
What the hell is happening. I feel like I Am taking crazy pills. Are we going to elect an independent net election? I Am down for doing something different.
In other words Republican prefers there be more republicans in legislature than democrats
Fuck Doug Doucey the only bad thing about his term limits being up though is all the fucking wackos running for governor now trying to replace him
That sounds like a direct invitation
I mean - that is already the case in so many places. Hes just saying it out loud.
The Arizona governor should live under a barn for a year to find out what it is like to hide from Nazi's. Then when he is found, beaten within an inch of his life . He can enjoy his mother or daughter bashed in the head by a sweet Nazi in a tailored uniform.
Damn I used to like this guy but he ain't getting my vote again ud83eudd21
Fat, pasty piece of shit says what?
So that's not what he said actuallyu2026..
In other words a Republican
Well, no shit. This is shocking i say.
Welp, now they're saying the quiet parts out loud.
Luckily, it's not his choice but ours.
I think everyone already knows republicans want white supremacists in power in place of democrats. No news here.
Party before country. Remember the 11th commandment.
It's not surprising that the Nazi sympathizing, Putin lovers would choose White Nationalists over democracy.
So.. does this surprise anyone?
No shit, he could have left out the Democrat part out too
I do not want to flag this for misinformation, because it is 98% correct. nnnThe direct quote replaces the word a white nationalist with another white nationalist. Which is grammatically correct from the POV of a white nationalist (because a implies one (or more) while another correctly identifies an existing population 1).
I love how he says it was essential that he get a governing majority so he could get more funding for education. Firstly I'm pretty sure your job is to convince legislators to vote for your agenda regardless of party, and also I don't think it would take much to convince a democratic legislator to vote for funding education.nnSure seems like you're fine with everything else this woman says and does.
We know, now we just need the there both the same crowd to speak there truth
Saying the out loud part out loud.
when someone tells you who they are listen to them. Remove this piece of garbage from power. He has stated white supremacy over democracy he must be arrested for treason.
He needs to be taken care of
Guess Doug and I won't be going hunting again next fall.
Wow that's just more propaganda what a brave man
That's a self aware wolf if I've ever seen one.
It's time for violence against fascists. Revolt. Send a message.
What is going on now a days??
The irony is the Reddit Mods make sure we have better discourse than we do in our legislatures.
Well Id rather have trans socialist as a government official and not any Republicans but I cannot get my wish either. So FUCKYOU buddy.
Wonder what his position on Ukraine is
Looks like a young Judge Alvin J.P Valkenheiser
Yes we know conservatives love white nationalists.
Oh man. Were so screwed.
I am Jack's complete lack of surprise.
I'm just so very tired. /
Probably because hes a white nationalist
Another case of comparing two of the worst kind of people.
Oh we going full mask off mask off
Of course he would. He's white
We know where you stand now tell what did daddy do to you.
Well that is one way to guarantee no minority ever voted for you
The blatant racism of these people is outstanding.
They apparently already do. Please Arizona do something about this
I guess in 1939, he would have said the same Id rather have a Nizi in the State Legislature than a Democrat
Oddly not the weirdest thing going on right now u2026
well that could not be more concerning. just the most because for concern.
Idk why us citizens are allowing these fools to continue in their position. surely we are reaching a boiling point.
Americans who believe in fighting Nazism. Well, here I go killin again.
And if he wins re-election, it will be mission accomplished
As local Arizonans say his name is Doug Douchy
Somebody's must have fell headfirst into the concrete as a toddler
I don't get how you can blatantly choose populism and fascism in America and have almost half the voters side with you for it The irony
So this POS expects people to believe a democrat wouldn't help pass a social issue like scholarships for fosters or more money for K-12 education? Since when is spending on social safety nets a Republican issue?
That makes sense, yeah. I can imagine him saying that.
Wait did he say he wanted to add to a Socialist net???
White Nationalist prefers White Nationalists. Who knew?
Easy choice if you are a white nationalist.
Please universe post his cell phone number
So he could then have more folks like him in office?nnGet out and vote for your lives people.
Bro you're not supposed to say that out loud. That's an inside thought, buddy.
Is he trying to get a family member a job?
He defo said the quiet part out loud.
Interesting because wed rather not have him in office at all
I believe that is up to the voters not him
I love AZ but I had to leave that state because of all the discrimination I was facing and damn, things just have gotten worse since I left by the looks of things. Breaks my heart.
You must go to Russia
We can probably just take out the part about democrats. My guess is he just wants a white nationalist. Full stop.
Arizona Governor Says He Would Rather Have a White Nationalist in State Legislature than a Democrat
Not that I like politicians (they're all dirty) at all but that title is so twisted. This would only affect people that only the headlines.
Fuck hm until he dies
They call him Doug Douche Bag, for a reason.
Yeah no. Sincerely All of the indian reservations. And he can go fck himself
Not surprising. This is the new Republican Party
I'd rather have one of my buddies work with me to
Don't worry, dude, there are plenty already there.
Betcha Doug Ducey sleeps in his klan robes under a confederate flag blanket & swastika pillowcases. He's always a charmer. Of snakes.
Can we start calling white nationalists Nazwis?
Tell us something we don't know.
We need to elect white nationalists...for the children.
Not a dog whistle, just a fucking bald statement.
Is there anything to even discuss or debate about this? Id rather have Fidel Castro as President than a Republican?
He said the thing out loud lol
I mean, we figured that, but thanks for putting it on record.
Saying the quite part out loud.
Arizona is literally burning. What a shitty place to live.
Hides behind kids like the truckers in Ottawa did.
Mm ok not moving to arizona
Arizona governor announces, unsolicited, that he is a white nationalist
At least with a White Nationalist, you know what you are getting. Democrats have a history of knifing people in the back for campaign cash.
Yea, we know you all are fascist nazi mother fuckers.
Looks at US leadersnnLooks at Ukraine leadersnnWtf is wrong with us
He literally never even gets quoted as saying that in the article ud83dude02
Welp, he used up his one u201ctruthu201d for the yearu2026 I have a feeling he is going to wish he saved itu2026
So do the rest of them
Be careful what you wish for
Well I see white nationalists as a bigger threat than any political party. In fact that goes for any type of supremacy.
Let's put race before democracy. Yeah that's how you get stuff done
Cuz he's a fooking white nationalist InMean Republican.
A gaffe is when a politician accidentally tells the truth
Shocker, euro americans love white nationalist
Imagine being openly racist and still getting elected....
No shit, he wants more republicans
I love how much these idiots outed themselves in the last couple days, and the world is proving how wrong they are. People want peace. None of this will be fixed overnight but we have a nice record of who's the worst.
The governor of Arizona has a severe case of ass-hole-iosis
To that Arizona GovernornnnnnnWe know
lmao fuck i would say the GOP cannot get even more embarrassing, but they will find a way...
Historically speaking, those are the same thing.
Arizonan here. Can confirm this dude is a total dipshit.
In other words, hes a white supremacist.nnThere is only one kind of person who can tolerate white supremacists.
There is only one kind of person who can tolerate white supremacists.nnNot really, even white supremacists cannot stand being around each other.
Dude didn't even question the fact she's a white nationalist and still said she's better than the democratic opponent. I cannot believe how fucking bold, racist, and undemocratic that shit show of a party is becoming. They got caught switching over 100 low income and mostly immigrant democrats to the Republican Party in Miami. nn
First official declaration of the GOP transition to Nazi.
Fuck this piece of shit
Fucking hell, greetings from Arizona where our elected officials drink all the kool-aid as they near the end of their terms. douchey is not running, after licking trumps ass for a few years hes vying for a vp position with trump should he run in 24, sadly its a his demise because he will likely pick de Santis before ducey.
The only thing that even mildly surprising about this is that he came right out and said it. But we already know that this is literally the goal for many, many people on the right.
Well I suppose we all have to look out for ourselves, him included.
Of course he would, why is this surprising anyone?
AZ governor should be done
u2026.yeah I think he truly would
Remove him from office. Its time that shit had consequences
Arizona. Not surprising. Should we be?
These things need a damn rocket punch to the face ud83dude07
WTF, so now NAZIS shall run this country??
How He speaks is proof he should not be in public service.
in the most other countries those people would not even get a job ... in the us they get elected.
I vote to remove ARIZONA and FLORIDA from the US and give statehood to Puerto Rico & Guam.
They sure do love yelling the quiet part as loud as possible these days hey. nnCan't blame them when their base laps it up, they get away Scott free and the rest of us are just left bewildered and fuming in impotent rage at the sheer magnitude of bullshit on display.
Oof. What is wrong with people. How did he get into office? Why are stupid folks representing us?
White as his fat ass but not as big
His fucking face looks shrunken. Goofy lookin motherfucker
These guys keep saying the quiet part out loud
why are people up voting this like this is shocking it was not too long ago we had politicians in favor of segregation
I Am sure Alabama would rather have something with brain cells at the helm versus this sentient torn rectum
Does no-one remember history? How, in 2022 does this hate continue to perpetuate?
Throw him in the street
Not eliminating zombies like this who would prefer to not have democracy while its entire existence is a privilege given by the people who democratically got this troglodyte the position is what leads to Nazis. He is literally saying he prefers fascism over freedom, how is he allowed to continue? Would his efforts from now on not in service of fascism? This is how governments are infiltrated, and then we do nothing while this zombie destroys freedom. Get rid of the trash before their soft pliable brains are captured
white nationalism would be beneficial to him
Of course he would. Because none of them care about the country anymore. They have no plan besides just wanting to be obnoxious.
Hey, hey, chill down. You Are not supposed to say this out loud. Just hint to the changing landscape of politics and how the silent majority has to be heard.
That's bold strategy cotton let's see if it pays off for em'
He said the quiet part loud
And Id rather send him off to the Antarctic
So, to be clear, he'd rather have a Republican in the state legislature than a Democrat.
We have to destroy the party and start over. This is now political opinion, they promote genocide. Fuck the GOP
Ukraine has their Kyiv mayor and president fighting to protect their country and we get this guy lol
This country is so fucked
When does the vet put down the rabid dogs?
The thought that you would need to support an extremist in order to pass legislation, because you believe a candidate from another party will oppose for the sake of opposition sucks. Maybe they should get rid of political parties and allow for elected officials that represent the will of the people ud83eudd14
Lol he gone on the next election.
It's the GOP what do you expect?
How have we not advanced past this point? I Am getting sick of Arizona. Beautiful place but the people here suck
No he did not. It would have been more honest f him to say so, but he just did not. journalism is dead.
Arizona The Deep South of the southwest.
Even all of this, there will be people of color that still vote Republican.
He said it, not me.
So, they not even hiding it anymore huh?
Of course he prefer himself over the openent.
Funny, because I would rather have a monkey as president then trump
Is this shocking? I'm sure there was no sarcasm in this statement
Says more about him than the legislature, for sure.
Right now he's got both, soon he'll get his wish though
They have stopped hiding it. We Have known that for a long time tho.
Contemptible filth, nothing more, nothing lessu2026
Yeah, we know, he didn't have to tell us
Arizona will be flipped one day.
Gateio has a number of tools to assist users including chartrooms, wallets and day trading.
Ofc he would that is what a republican politician is .
Do Not think it, vote it...but they voted nay.
I suspect this will be buried but These Special Idiots existed a while back, I hope they do not now()
Well, no shit. He could have just as easily said he would rather have a republican in state legislature and it would have meant the exact same thing.
Sad sad days for every good thinking human being...
Birds of a feather I guess..
And what did you expect a white nationalist to prefer?
I mean yes. I just wish they would admit they'd rather have a white full stop
Of course he would. Is this a shock to anyone?
The Russian GRU (KGB) has done a spectacular job with brainwashing these soft headed boot lickers. I hope true American's don't forget what these idiots stand for when it comes time to vote.
This POS is term limited now and has zero fucks.
That's because he is one. We've always known this. Mark my words, he'll be DeSantis running mate in 2024.
He'd rather have homework than a pop quiz.nnHe'd rather have his daddy pay someone to sit for the SAT's than actually testing.
How's this still being tolerated?
Not sure why they always feel the need to use a bullhorn when their dog whistles work just fine
Yawnu2026 nnWe already know this. That's why whenever there is a protest, your side waves confederate and Nazi flags.
In other words u201c the former KKK u201c
I'd rather have an American in state legislature than a traitor you republican nazi fucku2026
Of course..one of their own..duh
Can we send him to Russia???
That headline is such a gross exaggeration of what he said, not that he isn't a huge piece of shit anyways
So he is saying he'd rather have one of his own in office.
Arizona needs to vote this guy out of office. Even the FBI has publicly stated that white nationalists are the biggest domestic terror threat to the Union.
The GOP will soon have Putin status worldwide and hopefully in the US
Get these fuckers out of office. Worthless scum
Ope. He said the quiet part out loud
Tell me you're a white nationalist without telling me you're a white nationalistu2026
Well have I got good news for him
I respect it. I like my racism in the open
But my man, you can still have both.
The Republicans are finally admitting it?
That is the core of many problems in America, white supremacy. It permeates every tier of our society. Until that is addressed and its outcomes, nothing will prosper.
This is what they think anyway. He just said it.
Nazis run the republican party that is crazy to me, I mean their grandfathers fought the nazis and they chose to become nazis.
So he's a Nazi. That's literally what Nazis say. They don't care if people that look different from them can't benefit from what could/should be a mutually beneficial society
Is he getting money from Putin? Sounds similar
He should go to Russia then.
Wow u2026 just wow. The Republican Party has completely sold out to propaganda and hypocrisy
The GOP has really been going full bore on the white nationalism and white resentment hurtling toward the midterm election, and Nazis themselves have been boldly been having their little rallies in public. How did it come to this
What a sick sick man
As an AZ native, I just cannot anymore with these stupid, hateful, spiteful racists. nnnI vote for NOT stupid, hateful, spiteful racists but there are just more of them than not. nnnI do not understand the hatred. It makes no sense to me why anyone would hate democracy, or people with different skin color, or different places of birth so deeply. Its so absurd to me. nnnWe are all just a bunch of people - how is that so hard to comprehend??
If this isn't a racist white pig what is?
Sounds like Trumps next Veep.
I think we already have a White Nationalist and his name is Doug Douchee.
Fascism, People publicly loosing their mind. Bet you he's a Christian too. The democracy that we once knew and loved is in jeopardy.
He is at least showing his real colors. The real problems are the moderate assholes that give their party a moderate appearance,make it botable for grndma and never ever take any consequqnces agianst the extremist in their ranks and just run wirh it. Guys like Mitt Romneyu2026
These people are no longer ashamed to speak their ugly truths. Now showing us who they are.
Aren't the 2 things the same???
Be wary of the company you keep for they are a reflection of who you are or who you want to be.
You can only laugh really. These people are so far gone that there is no adequate response. Anything other than laughter only serves to legitimise their statements as worthy of reasoned discussion.nnThat being said, I suppose the only other response one might find is Why?.
I listened to what HE REALLY SAID. He didn't say anything close to what the story's title leads you to believe. nPlease listen for yourself. nAm I missing something?
What in the hell has happened to peoples minds?
Does this mean Putin is coming for Arizona next, with his whole anti nazi rhetoric?
You can move to a country where this is possible right now.
Does he hand make his Klan robes or does he have them made?
He needs to leave. Earth.
He looks like he's made out of old meat
More proof that excessive heat and stupidity make people insane
We just call them Republicans.
No we don't at least not those of us with half a brain white nationalist and nazi are fucking evil. Give me a democrat any day I don't care if I don't agree with many of their policy I'd rather have them than a white nationalist.
I wonder what the exact quote was? That's a crazy thing to say. This feels like it could be journalists playing with words to make it more sensational
And then there is this douchebag...
you mean a white nationalist like u2026 uhm u2026 a republican?
This is the best tldr I could make, original() reduced by 78%. (I Am a bot)nn Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey was questioned Thursday about his efforts to get Wendy Rogers elected to the state senate in 2020, and whether he has any regrets in light of how Rogers has been promoting white nationalist causes.nn When Duda asked him to elaborate on this last point, Ducey reiterated that Rogers &quotIs better&quot than French, the Democrat whom she defeated in 2020.nn AFPAC is an annual gathering of far-right figures organized by white nationalist Nick Fuentes, whom Rogers has praised in social media posts more than two dozen times, according to Left Coast Right Watch, an extremist monitoring group.nnnnExtended Summary() FAQ( Version 2.02, 626917 tldrs so far.) Feedback( PMs and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.) Top keywords Rogers Ducey Arizona state governor
Sounds to me that he believes Democrats are worse than white nationalists.
What a horrible thing for him to say Both parties need to work together
We all do not define white nationalist, black nationalist, nationalist the same way. The media changes the meaning to suit their agendas as do many politicians. The fact that the media accuses people of things they did not say is evil.
Based on the news clip link that is given, the Governor of AZ never said that ...He Would Rather Have a White Nationalist in State Legislature than a Democrat. But fascist socialist Democrats whine that he did say that... how droll.
Id rather have a white nationalist than either Republican or Democrat.
Me to, democrats are the party of systemic poverty racism and crime and open borders
Misspelled Republican there bot, look at your red states and how they live off the GDP of blue states?
Why did red state populations grow while blue states decline According to the 2020 census?
Because educated people in large cities prioritize quality over quantity? Why have 8 kids living off snap and living in debt when you could have 2 or 3 and enjoy a nuclear middle class lifestyle? Also maybe because we have robust reproductive education along with social programs that provide free condone and birth control? We don't have a culture where getting pregnant automatically means giving your life up for someone you can't afford to provide for.
That's a strange take. I figured it was due to everyone leaving blue states as evidenced by UHaul running out of trucks in California and major companies fleeing to more business friendly red states such as Facebook and Tesla
Except none of that is supported by evidence.
That Is not what he said at all though. This is objectively misinformation. Were fucked.
Do you know what quotation marks are? There Is a reason they were not in the title it are not a quote.nnThe candidate is a verified white nationalist() so in effect he said it without actually saying it.
Very misleading title. He said he preferred the Republican candidate over the Democratic candidate which...no duh.
I'm not ok with white nationalist. But current Democratic Party is so left, they border communist/ socialist tendencies that a lot of what America was established by would be erased. nnI also think that's why the Democratic Party has such a hard time coming to agreements on policies.
I wish there was a single Democrat that was as socialist as conservatives say they are. Just one.
Bernies Independent, which checks out, because there is no substantial left-wing party in the US. Meaning his only option is to work with the Democrats.nnAll that said, the Democratic party is left-leaning in the best of times, and center-right at worst.
Ultimately yeah, it's not necessarily the reps that are ultra, but more so the constituents that are the most dramatic. Who happen to be the loudest and get the most attention, which creates the stereotype. nnThen there's the media. Which is the root of division, and hate, and bullshit.
This is both inaccurate and moving goalposts. If the DNCs constituents were as far left as you say they are, there would be substantially more unapologetically borderline communist/socialist reps in their party than there are now.nnThe vocal minority being annoying (on top of you using communism and socialism interchangeably) is a false equivalency to white nationalists who would pose actual damage if they ever got their way.nnThen there's the media. Which is the root of division, and hate, and bullshit.nnEven if we humored this BS point that conveniently lacks any nuance, how is that the fault of the DNC?
Do you live in the US?
Yes, but why does that matter?
I wish He is left at best. But as close as they come.
This headline is pure clickbait, he never said anything like that.
u201cI'll take u2018Disinformation Headlines' for 1000u201d
Its not though - the woman is a white nationalist, the governor wants her instead of a Democrat, even though she is a white nationalist, so he would prefer a white nationalist which is quite fucked up
1) NOT what he said. (Headline)n2) What he did say is that he wanted votes for his positive agenda over votes against it.nnPolitics makes strange bedfellows. nnHe'd probably like anyone over this racist dipshit so long as that person would vote with him.
The headline isn't quoting him sou2026..nnIt's literally him being like yeah this woman's a white nationalist but better than a democrat which is an insane position to take, even if they are in your party.
All of y'all are stupid.Neither democrats or republicans gaf about you... unless you can't show up to work.nnnIt's the truth and you all know it.
He has a pointu2026 The one is hateful, but openly communicate the truth about how he feels and what he wantsu2026 The Democrats just lie, and no one knows what their personal agenda might beu2026 They all have a disgusting groupthinknnYou cannot trust the mainstream propaganda
And republicans lie and are openly hateful. So what one sounds the worst to you? And the best? SMH.
A white nationalist would probably be pushing for segregation, and removal of anti-discrimination lawsu2026 But that's exactly what the Democrats are doing in California right nowu2026 So there really isn't much of a differencennUnless you consider that only one side of the political aisle wants to destabilize our entire nation, open all the borders, send away all the jobs, flood our nation with low skilled illegal immigration, overinflate our currency, etc. etc. etc.nnThen I'd say regardless of whatever the political ideology, the Republicans will probably do a better job because Trump would be leading them. Those four years under trump were probably the best of my adult lifeu2026 This last year and a half with Biden has been hell
I am home. nnWhat's your point?
It isn't about letting them in spaces they were not previously allowed to gou2026 This is repealing anti-discrimination lawsu2026 This is telling white people they are not allowed to go in certain places that Black people arennIt's a separate place for Black peopleu2026 Separate, but equalnnI appreciate your passion and enthusiasm, but it is very much misplacedu2026 This is a racist proposition.
You are entirely and conceptually wrong about how these topics are seen under the law. Zero, ZERO people are suggesting creating black spaces to PREVENT them from entering white areas, and zero people are preventing white people from entering black spaces to harm white populations.nnThis is not how these things operate.
What about prop 209? What are you saying and what is the point you are getting at?
I thought I was commenting on a different story.
I mean democrats are black nationalists so I do not see anything wrong with what hes saying.
Put down the Prager YOU crack pipe and step outside
Is this even newsworthy now?
That there is an openly Nazi governor? Yes.
I've long been thinking of Republicans as fascists, second only to Nazis but really trying for that top spotu2026
What if the white nationalist is a democrat ?
Ones going to do irreplaceable harm to the people the other likes whites
These are the attitudes that are actually destroying the country.
I think Bidens got a little something to do with your country going into the shitter.
I'd rather neither.nnEdit why is that not an option?
According to Oxford Languages, a nationalist is someone who u201cstrongly identifies with their own nation and vigorously supports its interestsu201d. So, what is wrong with being a nationalist who is white?
A nation is a group of similar people. So, in this context, this person strongly identifies with the idea of a white nation, or ethnostate. Its like White-nation-alist, not nationalist who is white.
The United States is not a u201cwhite nationu201d. Only 61.6% of the population is white. To say that it isn't a diverse country is hilarious.
I would too. They would be less racist.
User name totally does not check out
No, it is objectively correct that democrats are the least valuable humans in the US. Racist to the core and consistently on the wrong side of history. This mans statement is only true because of how bad democrats outweighs even White Supremacists.
Yikes, we got genuine fascist in the wild here folks.
The opposite. I Am a libertarian. That Is just how bad democrats are.
Ah so just an idiot then. Gotcha
Damn I thought white nationalist were democrats? They sure are in the South
I mean that's a pretty stupid thing to say but I do have to agree that basically anything is better than a democrat at this point. Y'all hardcore Democrats done lost your minds over the last decade. nnRepublicans ain't much better. Career politicians need to go, period.
Republicans ain't much betternnThey are not better at all actually. If there was an opposite of better that would be what republicans are
I disagree. No one could be worse than most democrats. The literal only singular reason I even hint towards Republicans being u201cbetteru201d is because you actually cannot get worse than the majority of Democrats at this point. nnBut as I said, they all suck. And career politicians need to not be a thing anymore.
I call shenanigans. I challenge you to name just one democrat you think there is no Republican worse than, and explain why they are worse than any Republican
People like Maxine waters who tell her supporters to harass, humiliate, and shun other people who have different political views. That's the beginning of fascism.
Considering the state of all the major democrat cities, Id say hes spot on. Democrats have gone so far left that the party is unrecognizable.
I bet he didn't say that lol, one thing a trump Presidency taught me is media lies
Except when it's said during an interview. You think he's got a hand up his ass and a comedian speaking for him? As much as it would be an improvement, it's not the case.
But he didn't say he would rather have a white supremacist, he said he preferred a republican over a democrat lol
The fact the loonies have to lie shows what they are worth
Show me video of him saying he wants a racist over a dem and I'll apologize .
Anybody caught not voting for or not supporting democrats needs to be arrested and sent to prison. We need a special government unit to arrest anyone that doesn't openly show their love and support for democrats. If China can do it why can't we?
Meanwhile Democrats are supporting White Nationalistsnnnn
Arizona isn't a real place
This Arizona governor wrong and one of the main reason why I do not support CRT is because Crenshaw and Delgado advocate for Black nationalism.
Wow, I just came on this tab of u201cPoliticsu201d in the Reddit news section for the first time as an European and EVERY post, and I mean all of them, have been PRO democrat and slandering full on on Republicans. nnI really don't care about either but wow it seems one-sided and the titles are almost every time a bit distorted and exaggerated?
Notice which comments get hidden as well, and if you go here() you can see what comments have been removed. Pretty telling stuff.
Of course I'm getting downvoted as well haha. Just making an observationu2026 nnMaybe it's the old classic u201cyou can think freely as long as you think like usu201d
As a black American I can see that a white nationalist care more about america than a silly democrat does that's what the governor of Arizona was saying and I agree with him I hate democrats more than white nationalist and that's coming from a black American
While I think this is stupid, Democrat leadership is not doing very well to improve the lives of everyday people
And you do not think that might have something to do with repugnant leadership blocking every single thing that they do?
Eh, here in CA Democrats have full control. They are not doing shit
Yeah? Go live in Florida or Texas and then tell us about how its all the dems fault.
How about hold those in power accountable instead kissing ass to a party.
Democrat ud83dude02, more like liberal anarchistu2026
Its funny because Biden IS a white nationalist nnAnd no one wants him in power
This site has a paywall, cannot read the article.
America first . support the police and military. Take care of our own first. All foreign concepts to the liberal left. I do not care what rationality or color they are just as long they are not a snow flake liberal
Stay out of arizona if you don't like it. No one with a brain wants a democRAT in office.
Is that supposed to be me? ud83dude02 I'm not white if that's what you are assuming. Haha.
You say that as our two senators are democrats, even if Sinema really is just a rat.
It won't last long. Kelly will be out this year
Blm has killed more Jewish Democrats than white nationalist.
When did each party become a blank slate and dehumanized? It is easier to fight a concept than a person. Do they even know Democrats? Remember when John Bohner and Obama worked together, or when Tip ONeil worked with Reagan. It is unfathomable how bad BOTH sides have gotten. The really sad thing is that the American people are the real losers in this, as each party uses rhetoric, but their real motivation is to stay in power regardless what it takes - Dem and Rep - gerrymandered districts, claiming voter fraud or extremely lax voter standards, etc.
How can this many people be wrong. The KKK was 100% democrats. Every Democrat senator voted against the civil rights bills. The list is long. Stay on welfare Stay poor Let the govnt support you Don't believe in individual responsibility Geezzzud83eudd26ud83cudffbu200du2642ufe0f
I'd prefer none of the above.nnCan't wrap my head around being stupid enough to vote these guys inu2026
This title is inflammatory and not what he said. nnIm not saying he probably does not feel this way but he did not say that. titles that are so misleading and exaggerated are one of the reasons people like Trump and his like got elected. Because most people do not read the article. nnSo let us not do that shit here. This title should not have been allowed.
He's supporting that Wendy lady who has had white nationalist at her rallies.nnnSo yes he's pretty much said it.
Black supremacy is praised but when it comes to white it is considered evil.
How many people have been killed for black supremacy....Ill wait...nnIt is almost like white people have and continue to do EVIL shit.
Now that is what is, I hate to use this word, racist
Here are some racist things for you Atlantic slave trade - Jim Crow Laws....brought you by white people
Ok that is part of the narrative. You do not get told the other stuff deliberately
What other stuff? Oh you mean when white people destroyed an entire black town in Tulsa? Ill wait....
This kind of BS is why I'm no longer a Democrat and became an independent. I'm so tired of the lies and slander and the gullible just slurping it all up. He did not say this. Rolling Stone is trying to slander a former candidate as a white nationalist. She's never described herself as a white nationalist. I hope she sues RS. Of course, a conservative would support a conservative over a Democrat. Would the Democrats say anything different? Of course not. At least conservatives draw the line at openly trying to slander people like Rolling Stone. Stop believing this crap.
If it talks like a white nationalist, praises Christian authoritarianism like a white nationalist, and attends events sponsored by white nationalistsu2026 might be a white nationalist.
What Is the problem about this sentence? Literally anyone would be better than a leftist clown
You liberals make me laugh you are the real nazis
The Nazis murdered leftist parties. Duh.
that is not what he said. You guys think everyone is a white nationalist or that neo-nazs have actual institutional power or a groundswell of support. that is just not true in America, maybe in Belgium or Greece. In America its a tiny frindge and this guy, nor the woman he supports really fall in that category. Some of the people running the show she appearedon, possibly
Legacy Americans are being replaced the numbers do not lie and frankly it may be the only way we get out of this era of revived racial tensions/namecalling/distrust/cancelling is by interbreeding /intermarrying until the gradations of ethnicity are so blended that it becomes meaningless. The interracial marraige rate I believe is around 17% already, and that number is not going down with continued immigration and more mixed-race people to begin with. Whether you see that as good or bad depends on your POV. These look like a whole lot of nothing to me.
Ladies and Gentlemen, we got him.
That's not even surprising. Why is this on my news feed?
Bring it then?nnWell burn down every kkk 2022 Nazi office where Republicans set up shop
When you take u201cteamsu201d too far.
These people will be running the ENTIRE show here after the 2024 u201celection.u201d Cthulhu help us all.
Both sides would rather have a (insert extremist of said party here) than opposing party. Its all american politics whine about 24/7
Okay, but did he say that or is that just what is being inferred here?
You could say its inferred, but supporting a white nationalist at all is not okay. They do not belong in office.
I agree. The headline is just... Clickbait.
Title is misleading. He said she is better than her Democrat opponent Felicia French.
Hence a white nationalist and a democrat. I do agree that the title could have specified which.nnSad that he would support a white nationalist over ANY democrat or other republican but hey he can do what he wants with his donations and political influence I guess...
Oh look I found the racist
Read the article and watch the clip before you let this click bait headline fool you.
Negative. He said he would rather have Rogers than French. Not the same thing. nnIf Rolling Stone didn't have fake headlines it would have no headlines.
And Rogers is a white nationalist so it is correct.
Whether she is or not the headline is still intentionally misleading. He said he would rather have one specific person over another specific person. But that's not clickbaity enough for Rolling Stone or r/politics.
He was talking about one specific person compared to another specific person. I'm an Arizonan who doesn't even like Doug Ducey, but I also don't like poor journalism and clickbait.
So, it was Id prefer this specific white nationalist to this democrat
They could've just said, u201cDoug Ducey Says He Prefers Wendy Rogers Over Felicia Frenchu201d.nnIt's less verbose, less misleading, and leaves no room for misinterpretationu2026but they chose this title to get more clicks, which is why some people are calling it out for being a bit clickbaity and misleading.
So, Doug Doucey prefers white nationalist to democrat given that Wendy Rogers has notable white nationalist ties. I do not get what is misleading about this
I don't get what would be wrong with my specific title either. I'm just saying the one that is provided is misleading, which I stand by.
I just do not see what is wrong with the given title. Yours is fine too, but there is nothing incorrect about what is being said.
It's not about it being incorrect, just a tad misleading in a way that could have easily been avoided. Not the end of the world, though.
The point of the article is that he is supporting a white nationalist over a generic democrat though. That is what is shocking, the democratic individual is not as notable as the white nationalist he is donating to and supporting through his political sway...
And the writer should feel free to write about that in the body of it. I'm just saying the title could be more specific and less clickbaity. I'm just advocating for clearer titles that leave less to the imagination.
I guess I Am confused as to what was up to the imagination? He supports A white nationalist over A democrat. I suppose if he said he would support another democrat over the white nationalist the headline would need some clarification but the fact he supports a white nationalist over anyone is rather shocking
It is rather shocking. It just made me think of any white nationalist (like point a finger at a picture of January 6th and he's be like, u201cYeah, any of those fellas would be better than Felicia French.u201d), and not an actual specific person.nnEdit I don't need shock I just need clear info out the gates.
You seem to think she is much different from any other random white nationalist? I believe he probably would prefer any of those people yes.nnEdit in that regard I still think the title is pretty clear
I'm not in any way supporting her or saying she's not a white nationalist or different from a white nationalist, I'm just saying the title could've been written better and more clearly so people could get more straightforward information out the gates.
If they said the white nationalist so and so and the democrat so and so then yes I agree. Not sure what the word limit on titles is
This need tagged for misinformation. That's not what he says. (It's misleading by rolling stone. Not the person who posted)
shrug Beats having a commie in charge.
Considering conservatives think of White Nationalist as a white person that is proud of their country and put their country before others, and the Democrats use it as a derogatory label they think is synonymous with White Supremacy, I understand the governor saying it with good intentions and the left faking outrage over it. Big deal, move on.
We literally have other issues dude
Except he did not say that. Fuck you OP for a shitty headline. Even if you got it from rolling stone. be better.
Both sides are the same people Jesus
What is a white Nationalist? Is that any different than a black nationalist? Would Not it be someone who simply is pro-America? I Am asking...
Soldiers returning from fighting in Germany after ww2, said they could not tell the difference between the Nazi party and the American Democrat
Interestingly (and unsurprisingly) at no point in the clip did the Arizona governor say that he would rather have a white nationalist in state legislature than a Democrat.nnEveryone who disagrees with far left woke ideology is not a white nationalist. Simply calling someone a white nationalist doesn't make them one. Politicians interested in serving their constituents and citizens of this country aren't white nationalists by default. They are simply serving those they have a duty to serve and putting their focus into that. Also fun fact, every citizen/constituent is not white (shocking I know).
He'd rather have a clone than a democrat? Got it.
So can we vote these dicks out now oru2026
Well good news for him the entire gqp is already there
Well ya he's a Republican big shocker
I watched the twitter post on the Rolling Stones article. I did not hear him say that he would rather have a white nationalist in State Legislature than a Democrat. I read the articles, and it provided many opinions, but nothing factual. I looked for Wendy Rogers saying she is a White Nationalist and looked for her racist remarks. I searched the Internet for him saying anything like that too. Yet I cannot find that anywhere. What I do notice are the ads below the story and to the side of the article.
I mean, Id rather have neither with their current positions
So, hes saying he wants a Republican in state legislature than a democrat
Cmon media you know that is not the truth..
Imagine if it was just like a white nationalist democrat. Like he belives in shit like free healthcare for all, universal income, down with capitalism type shit, just hates anyone who is not white. See how long it takes for the cognitive dissonance to kick in.
Well systemic racism does not exist in America. There is no policy that prevents a person of color to succeed. Like a black person was nominated to be a supreme court judge. You think anyone cares? As long as she is qualified and will do a good job idgaf. nnDucey is saying he would rather know what someone stands for rather than a complete wild card that is a democrat. I appreciate the way Ducey has governed. He does not give af.
Now what would he do about a white nationalist Democrat?
Wendy Rogers u2014 a lawmaker who's making common because with overt racists.nnnInformationnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
new york times?nnidk these other fuckers
To some folks, that is no more controversial as saying he would prefer to vote Republican than Democrat.
War is happening in Europe and here are the American governors pissing and shitting themselves hating the opposition in their politics nnClassic
Hey OP great fucking username.
I mean Trump did this. I made it so they don't feel shame anymore. They are saying the quite parts out loud now with zero hint of irony.
Another sane one elected to office, I see.
Why are we going backwards as a country and can we please start shooting these people.nnEdit Figurative not literallyu2026..advocating violence against your enemies is something democrats dou2026. Don't want anyone getting the wrong idea.
